grandfather, Jack Getz; his great-grandmother, Betty Getz; and his great-great-

Retirement party
held for Ownens

Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Owens and Mr.
and Mrs. Rick Jones spent Saturday
evening in Decatur at a retirement party
and dance for Mr. Owens.

He received a watch and plaque for 23
years of service as a truck
driver for Staley Express Inc. Among the
60 guests were the Owens\[CloseCurlyQuote] two daughters,
Tami Wilderman and Paula Hurley of
Decatur.

Mangers host
early Thanksgiving
Ted oie Mangner of

Loren Roberts, Steve and Susie of Mt.

ryson
Wilson of Findlay. They spent the rest of
the day and had supper in the Mangner
home.

Youth rock for

Nathan Jesse

Phillip Hash, Norman Willer, Mark
Lee, Brad Francisco, Greg Grant,
Richard Weakley, Ronnie Davis, Rob
Cutler, Kelly Wooters, Dana Miller,
Penny Newman, Brenda Yantis, Mary
Solberg, Jennifer Riley, Charlotte
Newman, Jamie Scott and Debbie Carr
rocked in a fund raising event Friday
night at the First Christian Church.

Proceeds from the event will help
finance Nathan Jesse on a trip to
Scotland.

Herrons are here

for week-long visit

Dr. and Mrs. Wynn Herron and sons of
Hopewell Junction, N.Y. are spending
this week with relatives and friends in
the area.

Saturday they will attend the wedding
of her niece Kathy Green of Mt. Carmel.

grandmother, Melba Mitchell. The baby is Melba\[CloseCurlyQuote]s first great-great-grandchild.

Findlians in the news

Mr. and Mrs. Roger Lumpp and their
daughter, Mrs. Paul Apple and her
children, Christopher and Nicole
Kansas City, Mo. spent a few days
week with their parents, Mr. and Mrs.
George Lumpp.

Debbie Carr and Patrick, Ruth Hub-
bartt and Robin Hubbartt had breakfast

Be

Exposition.

A group of members of the Findlay
Christian Church attended revival
services at the Edinburg Christian
Church Sunday evening. Mike Carr and
Cindy Herron are furnishing the music
for the services. .

Mr. and Mrs. Mike Cruit, John
Emily prepared Sunday dinner for
Bessie Cruit and Sylvia Parr.

Ashley and Aaron Johnson of
Shelbyville spent the weekend with
Gifford and Ruth Johnson.

Fern Lee attended a birthday party for
her brother Hugh Olehy of Villa Grove at
a Lovington restaurant Sunday. Also
attending were Jack Griffith of

Achorage, Alaska, Wayne Olehy of .

Arthur, Mr. and Mrs. John Olehy and
granddaughter and friend of Camargo
and Mrs. Hugh Olehy.

Mr. and Mrs. Gene Hancock of Rantoul
and Mrs. Dorothy Hancock of Paris spent
Monday with Mr. and Mrs. Harold
Macklin and Mrs. Mabel Macklin.

Dick and Norma Lu Hamilton of Pana
and Frank and Beulah Mitchell shopped
in Decatur and had dinner at Swartz\[CloseCurlyQuote]

Photo by Cherise Crun
Findlay Grade School second graders give their rendition of \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Home on the
Range\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] during a performance of a musical last Thursday during the grade
school open house. Second graders were joined by first graders in the
production.

_
F. ;
LA oe

bd

Photo by Cherise Cruit
Following their performance, Findlay Grade School students took a bow. Grade
school music teacher Nancy Beem directed the youngsters in the production.

Photo by Cherise Cru
Randy Lutz visited the kindergarten room at Findlay Grade School during the
recent open house. He was looking over the work of twins Curtis and Corey. He
also paid a visit to the third grade where his third son, Alan, is a student.