a ------------~ aaa

Friday, July 6, 1988 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE --FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page 3

Mark Baker to perform Winings host Keown reunion held June 24
with drum, bugle corps ithday cookout at Crowder Park in Bethany

Rob and DeeAnn Winings hosted a © BETHANY--Fortytwo members Waite all of Sullivan.

Mark Baker will the \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Colts cook out Sunday evening at Wyman of the Keown family met Sunday, Others were Mr. and Mrs. Jim
Drum and Bugle Caren\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] performing Park in Sullivan to celebrate the June 2, for their annual family Keown and Chris of Anderson, Ind.
from July 12 to Aug. 18 in a nation- birthdays of their twin son and reunion at Crowder Park in Bethany. Mr. and Mrs. Charles (Short) Keown,
wide tour of competition with other daughter, Jason and Dana Winings. Those attending were: Mr. and Mrs. Sherry Brussion, Charles and
drum and bugle corps of the United Other guests were Kara Winings, Mrs. Homer Keown, Mr. and Mrs. Carl of Sturtevant, Wis., Mr. and
States. Mark is the son of Mr. and Dollie Warren, Mary and Lyle Russell Keown, Mr. and Mrs. Dan Mrs. Ron Keown, Ryan and Cara of
Mrs. Roger Baker of Eureka andthe Bricker, Art and Loridene Downs, Keown, Shellie and Jeremie, Todd Marlow, Okla.; Mr. Glendon Keown
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Alton Duane, Chris and Aaron Downs, Bill, West, Mr. and Mrs. Doug Keown all of Hardy, Ark., Mr. and Mrs. Jack
Baker of Findlay. Nancy and Jane Messmore, David of Bethany. Gilbert and Kathy, Mr. and Mrs. Dale

The Colts, headquartered in and Julie Bernstein, Wyatt, Trevor Also, Mr. and Mrs. Harold Keown Keown of Charleston.
Dubuque, Iowa, is an all brass, team and Rachel, Mike Sweeny and Amy of Decatur, Mr. and Mrs. J.D. Keown, Mrs. Dale Keown was in charge of
precision, marching band and drum Weaver Mr. and Mrs. Carl Coventry and the 1984 reunion and Mrs. Doug
and bugle corps, noted for its ex- Tania Tanner of Findlay, Mr. and Keown will in charge in 1985. The next
cellence on and off the field. The Mrs. Mike Keown, Mr. and Mrs. reunion will be held the last Sunday in
corps will appear in 50 cities Charles Keown and Cathy, Christie June at Crowder Park in Bethany.
throughout the United States and COOKOUT held : . :

Canada The soup incaes high Rothrock home Findlians in the news
through 21, and it numbers no more Guests of Fred and Frances Raymond and Roberta Winterburg
than 125 members. Guests for a cook out atthe home of Melcher and Susie on June 24 were of Glen Carbon were weekend guests

They travel by bus, have a self- Ron and Sue Rothrock, Jeff and Tim Mary Ohmart of Saunemin, Jeff and of their brother a_.d sister-in-law Paul

Mark Baker contained kitchen which prepares all maf Pend oh aggre cin Susan vowel oe : and Edna Enoch. Mrs. Enoch and Mr.

; they sleep in school gyms, are Findlay, Katheryn Greider t- Bloomington, Dr. Leslie Jackson Winterburg are brother and sister

Gary, Greg Grant _ stafted with a nurse, parent- toon, KenGreider, Katie, Nicholeand Toledo, Ohio and Lance and Elaine The Enochs and their guests all had
chaperones and adult . icholas with Paul and Judy Miner,

. drivers. Illinois Jonathan of Shumway, Don and Billy Beery, Lisa, Lance, N
return from Calif appearances include Ottawa, Ploeckman and Matt Greider of Brett.

:
3
4
Eg

Chris, Mark and Paul of Decatur.

Rockford, Bloomington, Alton, Covina, Ca. and Peter and Gunnar with other relatives and friends in the
Gary and Greg Grant returned to Lindgren of Sweden. area. Leon and Sterline Camp of Sullivan
Findlay Tuesday after spending three Peter has been living with the Eddie and Gladys Bendler en- and Dave and Wilma Davis of Ef-
weeks in Benicia, Cal. visiting their Ploeckmans the past year as a tertained their pinochle club from fingham spent most of last week with
father, James Grant. Foreign Exchange student and his Mattoon Saturday night. They all payline Briney. They enjoyed several
They attended two Oakland A father has been visiting the U.S. outings, picnicking and fishing at
baseball games, spent lots of time during the month of June. Eagle Creek State Park.

swimming and took a side trip to Jack
London Park. London is noted for

memes) eles
service and
competitive
rates oncar
insurance...
\[Euro]; Uma:

O77 la? aid
Prices Good
Thurs., Fri., Sat.
July 5, 6, 7

90% LEAN
: CREE NEREREESEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEER ERE E SESE BS Ground Beef a aL ie $1.89

\' coomeie
, dams ..........091.09
)) Mwaukee's Best \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]aaa

92.39

a
aad

-
Beer

¢ 5 99 Cube Steaks.......

RERERESEEEE EEE SRE ER EEEREE SEE ESE SEES EES

White Vinegar..... 291.09

Charcoal beens 10 Ib. $1.69

Mac & Cheese Dinner . sont oe Sweet Corn..... 3/7 O¢
Luncheon Meat. . . i202. $1.39 Cantelope eee eee 79¢

Chocolate Morsels . :..91./9

a Lettuce......... 69¢
10.3 - 10.85 oz. 99¢

Country Life Insurance
ranks among the top five life
insurance companies in
America for offering best
value per premium dollar,
according to A.M. Best

& Co, Prove it to yourself.
Call your Country

iE
rr

vs

s+?
ooee*
ese**
«ort®

gf \[CloseCurlyQuote] rl

aN

401 S. Main St., Findlay
Phone: 756-3291

Cool Whip. ........ 120 99¢

Assorted Twin Pops. . . am OGG

¢

FI
d
"

ym

8:45 to 12:45
throwgh

\
i

\[OpenCurlyQuote]
\
A
.

Jo