Page 6 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE -- FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Revival meetings set
at Christian Church

Verneil Garren of Dix will be the
evangelist at revival meetings
scheduled next week at the First
Christian Church of Findlay. The
church will hold revival meetings at
7:30 p.m. Sunday, April 8 to Friday,
April 13.

years); Carlyle Christian Church
(seven years) and Greenview
Christian Church at Centralia (seven
years).

Garren preaches at 20 to 25 revivals
each year. He also farms 2,000 acres.
The song evangelists for the revival

4

sponsored by area Christian chur-
ches. He has accepted a position to be
minister of the First Christian
Church in Rochester.

The Barnes have been
evangelists for the Christian chur-
ches since 1976.

Rev. Lyle Jesse and the members

Z

munity to attend the revival
meetings.

Methodist Circuit Riders of the past are back in the saddle to com-
memorate the church's 200th anniversary. They were in Findlay
Saturday afternoon, just one stop on their horseback journey from Burr
Oak, Kansas to Baltimore, Maryland. The Rev. Ralph Jarboe, Jr. (right)
and the Rev. Sidney Dillinger (left) are accompanied on their journey by
horseman Harry Sweet (left). The group has had only four days of
sunshine since departing in a snow storm from Kansas. The two month

trip will cover 1,380 miles.

f » f ' a o ew
ts i ¥ . f rs 4
: t d beat! 2 ; \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]eg ?

. -
ne i.*
ie A . >

Ss hee
SS \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]yf

Photo by Pauline Briney

A potluck dinner was held at the Findlay United Methodist Church to

\[OpenCurlyQuote]welcome the three circuit riders who stopped in Findlay Saturday af-
ternoon. The circuit riders had spent the night in Assumption and after
thelr stop in Findlay traveled on to Lovington.

Personals

Elmer and Mildre Scribner had
dinner with Frank and Freda
Scribner Thursday.

Gloria, Julie and Ryan Livergood
were Friday supper guests of John
and Sondra Diss, Angela and Laura.

SEERA AAEEAAERAAEEAE

Friday, April 6, 1984

Railroad Ballasts: é
$3 per ton . é
aac i | FORSALE |
souch of sale barn on = % Lt. blue formal. size 7, %
Highway 16 east of $ % beige one, size 7 anda %
Shelbyville. ¢ % white one size 5.
Call G.W. Prosser Co. ; 7156-8230 :
774-5032 for location + Joan Mentz :
orfreight rates. sieiaianieeateiaeall

BREREEREEEEESESEESESSESSEE SOROS

PUBLIC AUCTION
Real Estate at site
Thursday, April 19 - 10 a.m.

Real Estate situated west edge of Windsor on Rte. 32 and Maine Street.
Former Mobile Station and Sears Service Center. 30\[CloseCurlyQuote]x50\[CloseCurlyQuote] frame building
and corner lots.
For viewing contact Art Willoredt, Jr., phone 234-4477.
Terms 10% purchase price day of auction. Balance in 30 days or upon
closing. Guarantee good merchantable title. Furnish abstract to day of
sale. Prorate 1984 real estate taxes to day of possession.
Ralph Glenn, attorney at low, Mattoon, will handle closing.
Announcements sale day take precedence over printed material.
Note: Make your arrangements. Sells to highest bidder. No minimum.
Arthur Willeredt, Jr. , Seller
Dwaine & Don Beaver, Auctioneers

PUBLIC AUCTION
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
1 o'clock P.M

Sat., April 7, 1984
205 No. Daisy - Findlay, Ill.

Davenport and-chair; davenport, like new; 2 matching wicker chairs; end
tables; long square dining table and 6 chairs; mirrors; occasional chairs; desk
lamp; lamps; folding table; card table; metal book case; 3 utility cabinets;
auto. washer & dryer; 3 piece Poster bedroom suite; old end table; high
chair; humidifier; fans; Toro snow blower; 8 H.P. rotary Yordmon mower;
gorden hose; 61°\[CloseCurlyQuote] skil sow; many hand tools; step ladders; aluminum
extension lodder; Remington 410 aut. model 11-48 shotgun; 5 Morgan
dollars; vases; what-nots; misc. dishes; pots; pans; usual small kitchen
electrical appliances; pressure cooker ond misc. articles.

Terms: CASH
Ray Heiland, Owner

728-7132 or 728-7152

High speed disking |
with precision |; rier
depth control «a5

\[OpenCurlyQuote] ak

x
Y

precision h seedbeds at high speeds with near-
oor moorporason of fertitzers and chemicals. The key 1
performance is automatic rephasing of patented master and

slave hydraulic cylinders ) Center frame and |
wing, wheels, plus an exclusive. seff-leveling hitch. The result
is uniform disking across full width of cut, as well as fore and |
aft. Available in ten sizes up to 32 feet.

ee
jg ananay eS

Shelby Farm Power
Rt. 16 West, Shelbyville, Phone 774-9541