Around the county --

STAY AWAY |

FROM POWER LINES

Power lines can be very dangerous. Every year in the
United States, hundreds of people are electrocuted and many
more injured by coming in contact with power lines. Electrical
accidents can occur while doing many things -- like putting
up antennas or doing maintenance around your house, trimming
or climbing trees, working with farm equipment, or flying a kite.

Most of these accidents are caused by carelessness and
can be avoided. Often the people involved said they didn\[CloseCurlyQuote]t
notice the line or they misjudged the distance from the line.
Had they planned carefully beforehand and taken the proper
safeguards, they could have prevented the accident.

Here\[CloseCurlyQuote]s a list of safeguards you can take when working
or playing around power lines.
® Keep a safe distance from power lines, even those attached

to your home.
© Keep all objects at least 10 feet away from power lines.
@ When you install an antenna or any other object, see that
it is at least twice its total height away from all power lines.
@ Before you begin any project, plan your entire procedure.
@ Work with someone. An extra hand can make the job easier
-- and faster.
® Work only in good weather.
@ Only fly kites in very wide, open areas.

CIPS offers a free booklet called, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Public Safety Around
Electrical Facilities.\[CloseCurlyQuote] In addition to the above safeguards, it
covers many more valuable safety tips you should know. For
your free booklet, stop by any CIPS office.

CENTRAL ILLINOIS cip5| |
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY

people providing people with energy

county was getting close to the tassel reduced number of prediators and
Edward N. Ballard stage and this was very parasites, corn leaf aphids could be a
The rain over the fourth of July moisture for this development period problem in late-whori-stage corn in
time period was welcomed for most of the corn plant. Hopefully, the the upcoming weeks. To scout for the
farmers around the county. However, rainfall will green corn leaf aphid, unroll
the rain continued to be very spotty throughout the aphid
and some areas were not as growing season.
There are a few
that could develop

é
|
E
i
:

Fig
i
aaieea
i
tutte

5
:
:
e
c
g
d

ha
the producer is trying to retard mold The key to effective grasshopper
and heat formation and possibly get control is to apply treatment while
the crop harvested several hours the hoppers are still small and con-
ahead of a weather change or to save fined to the areas where they are
more leaves. If hay can be harvested hatched. We suggest applying
wetter, few leaves are lost and the treatments when grasshopper
final product has more protein or feed \[OpenCurlyQuote]ymphs average 15 to 20 per square
yard in non crop areas such as
Acid preservatives appear to roadsides, grass waterways, and
sata besa poenulite Uncen te ditch banks. Infestations of 4 to 5
reduce heating and molding. hoppers per square yard in crop
Cost of using acid varies with the areas will cause noticeable feeding at
price per pound and amount used. this point.
Some products must be applied at the Several are available
rate of 4 to 6 ounces per ton of hay, for treatment of grasshpppers in field

Farmers
shows these products are cost ef- ditch banks and waterways until they
ficient. In other words, the cost of the ee what the grasshopper situation is
preservative applied is less than the 80ing to be. Grasshoppers like to feed
value of loss that might have resulted
by not using the product.

Annual White Grubs

:
E
E
3
Z

it
E
im
Al
i
i

,

E
if
re
ge
ul
SF 2
EE
z
:
:
5

SHARING FUNDS County, Village --- Findlay,

on All to Whom -- Presents \[OpenCurlyQuote] sor the

You and nar be you an bent Village of Findlay, Shelby
notified that budget or County,

Village of Findlay, Shelby Count, Pauline Briney, President

AN ORDINANCE MAKING THE ANNUAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE
VILLAGE OF FINDLAY, SHELBY COUNTY, ILLINOIS, FOR THE
FISCAL YEAR 1984 - 1985

BE IT ORDAINED BY THE PRESIDENT AND BOARD OF TRUSTEES
OF THE VILLAGE OF FINDLAY, SHELBY COUNTY, ILLINOIS, AS
FOLLOWS: »

SECTION I: That the following sums of money, or as much thereof as
may be authorized by law, are hereby appropriated to defray the necessary
expenses and liabilities of the Village of Findlay, Shelby County, Illinois, for
the fiscal year commencing May 1, 1984, and ending April 30, 1985, for the
respective objects and purposes hereinafter set forth, namely

1. CORPORATE FUND TOTAL APPROPRIATION
ome
1. Personal Services
GTI on sig nc csdnbacccccciacsuccodsevdoscccecdecese $ 3,500.00
by Metal DecWillS 5. Xs oi.eoseeecocecocccscc 200.00
o MemAMRDINAR oS oho dbe sco sokocodccdseSaecocc Secu, 1,650.00
d. Unemployment Insurance ...............cccccccceccccsecs