By J. G, CUTE.

{muvortant intelligence From Ail Parts,
DOMESTIC.

After @ recess of two weeks the mone-

ary commission yesumed its sessions in
Washington. : :
Misa Cisneros, whe was rescard from 4
Spunish dungeon in Cuba by a new=pa-
per reporter, hax arrived in New York.
The anaunl report of the treasurer
of the United Stutes will phow that on
une 3H, 1896, the total avaiinile asset=
\[OpenCurlyQuote]of the treasury werr §955,055,921, ynd on
dune 20, 1897, they had inereased to
BSTS$,261,377.
Chauneey M. Yepew delivered the
@rotion at the unveiling of the statue of
Commadore Vanderbilt at Vanderbilt
university jn Nashvitle, Tern.
A Ganperoun evunterfelt fre dofur
BIN, rained from a two dollar treasury
Bote, was In circulation at Motine, M1.
Joba F. Boynton, a well-kacwn rest
Gent of Leominster, Mass. shot and
RHNled his wife ond then committed sul:
che. Butmily troubles were the ean de.
The arguments in the Luctecet wir-
der trial in Ghichgn, were ratamenced,
Axsietunt State's Attorney Mchwen ad-
@reesing the jury on pehalfofihe prose-
wufion.
The government crop report fer Ve-
fober sayx oats, rye and Harley WHEMir-
paxs foroer entimates in ainuunt of
wiell, whife eorn bus fatten off.
An eleetrie car went through a tres-
He et Waterloo, fa. nnd 15 persons were
pjured, some probally fatally.
in the contest for the Teraple cap he-
Yween the Boston and altimere mise
ball clubs the Intter wan the winner,
@eeuring fone of the fire games ploy
The Windsor Source, the finest hotelry
Gt French Eick Springs, tnd. was de-
atroved by fire, the guests narrawly es-
gaping.

Speakers nto Cohan mecting tn New

THe Finpiay Evrerprise

4

Aitaxset-.

The News Condensed.

the Durlington road.

end fatally wounded four others.

tions

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Society of American Revsetation\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

dead tener.

the Jake at Falishurg, 5. ¥
drowned,

ing sea conTerence.

been elected commander of te lows eot-
diers\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] honiv at Marshsiitowa.

ft is suid that the great Yukon saliey,
with its wealth of paid, will he made a
Aeparate teeritery wider the game of
Lincoln.

The Heiman Eelet\[CloseCurlyQuote]on-geated Iocame-
tive in wm triad ay the South Jersey reil-
Trond at Cape Sax mute aomile in 495%
seromds on the first Iratanda aie in \[Euro]2
sengis i sPeaEs Kpurt.

J. ASShetton'\[CloseCurlyQuote]s livers barn was hurned
at Manila, fud,, and ten horses were
eremuited,

Let Holtern. a Veneer fireman, wis
theown fran: a Steamerund tilled, and
W. Uf, Marler wae \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]atatte tried.

Mrs. John A. Lain opened the wen
ane eonerehs at Aaraxtite, Pern.

Seven fonestory wander dry Rowse<
em talsing UHR petits HF fubaees
amd recht dvetings sere burner at
Darhatm, N.C. the total lass beiug 305.
HO.

Vha heard of diteetore. of thy Firt
oitlegal hae at New Athi, Ineh,
have dveided tawis do lige the affuire at
the bank ave retire fone business.

Peter Mater has tesnel waechithence
from Fitt ah to Jdnmes ff, Tork
ive ferrlit far she hineywajuht champion-
ship of the waste,

\[OpenCurlyQuote]fhe first Petiian Lome in the world
wae dedigted at Springtield, O:

Presidrat MeKinles has aveenteal me
resiination af Justice Stephen J. fiela
of the supremf court, th tuke aifeet Me.
cemliitr f oext,

Ont FT. Scharf, Chinese inspector
of New York, hax xent in his rexipis-
tinn, deeluring that the Chinesé@ exehi-
sia art isa farce,

Mr. John A. Kasson, formerly mem-
her of the hagse gf reprmentatives from
Tews und ex-rinister to. Austria, bas
been appointed a epevial arent by the
presidest for the uegatiatiog af reci-
procity arringenweyis ander the Ding-
Jey tariff taw.

Somewhere hotween Omaha and Chi-} & dispatels from Madrid says the ges~
eago & package containing $14,000 die- | erament hasdecided texepiy
appeared from 2 registered pouch on | of Gey. Woodford in a polite bat. Gram

posilbility

White caps attacked the home of Wot | of mediation and deelining te fix the
Price, & negro living near Milan, Tex. | date of the close of the Caban war,

and Price killed one of the attackers j

in Pittsburgh, Pa,, windove glass man: | to offer Wie chief political and adiminis-
ufacturers organized » trust whieh in-
cludes all the Jarge works in the coun-

The Sons of the Ameriean Revolu-
4 the Sons of the Revolution
have united onder tho name of the

Judge Wells, of the Kansas court nf

appeals, has rendered 9 decision which jada and Andalusia, Spain, and the 0.0
coakes the eight-hour law jo Kansas @fiphotstonts of the cities were panie-| (ad of the 19 ar more buildings oveupy-

Alig. Archibald O'Neil and daughter |
were thrown hy a runaway tonm into gyre py,
o Gh Were | Tiere,

Hecretary Sherman has replied to Hrit- i
tun's note expressing astoniniment at
Ler refusal to partivipnte ia the Belst- | 9). tasurgeuts.

{
fol. CC. Nortuo, af Muscatine, has | ociey withdraw from Asia Minos.

HOMES IN RENE.
Baers. Keto, HM, B, nestrayodes
aces Sanoneneeene Serta.
Halifax, N.S, Det, 18.-- Historic Wind-
gor, one of the mest benatiful towan
in ihe province, was devastated by fire
Bunday morning. Forsix hours, begin-
ning shortly before thre: a. nr, the Bre,
fonned by a violent northwest gale,
raged su fiercety that the loral fire de~
pattinent was absolutely heipiess to
cope with it, acd within haif an bour
after its discovery the niayor bean to
cit for notskie aéhistince. Long he-
fore noon tht town hod been caten op
ajmost romplorely, the area catered by
dhe Nanies being ovarly a mile square,

to the gate
fene, absolutely lenoring the

Madrid advices say that Mr. Moret,
| the sinister of the colonics, has decided

trative posts in Cuba to Cabana.

Lits Lanetry\[CloseCurlyQuote]s horse Merman won the
Cesarewitel stakes, valaed at $100,000,
at Newinarket, England. .

The xthonmer Bloodionnd was
Wrecked near Cape Pine, NF. and her
crew of siver men perished.

A severe eorthquake occurred at Gra-

ing the section barely bulf a dazen
starched sirueciises remain. Among
ihe buiklings that escapal sre the
Misi) fterk Ut. Peden aod a Wiud-or costo factory, Kinks college,
i tratup wece killed. soy | the Anglinon ehurch, the Edgehill
Pulser\[CloseCurlyQuote] Iande? another expedi-| sclcot for girls aud the Huifrin hotet.
tion on the Island of Cuba-to reinforce | No Nova Scotia town has ever been
visited! by no conflagration of sneh di-
mensions, Of the 3.500 peauie thet iny
habitet the place few have homes of
ptieir awn Wit, Over 3,000 have beem
LATER, tuken ia by the residents of the wur-
At Uobinyet\[CloseCurlyQuote]s opera terse in Cintia- rounding country and melghhering
BHI the linge oe.tral truss of they rane) Teas, while the remainder of the suf-
fell te the parquet with 4 cok aed; Hefers hate gone to Malifax op are abel-
thive persucns acre kilkeh So were ser tered a uring Vents erected) in the "2
viously injured ped.ob mate mare were {C28 plots bs a detarhinens of Britian
more or fess fuse , troops from thie farrisan city. The dis-
St fastarsgert. ded, Charles Ward Paster is spepaliing in ite extent.
shot Tourn 1% pp fatally and thea SHEE] The tetd lass is eethmated at §3.000,-
fine! through the dietrt: O10. While a uumlier Of the heaviest
Atoto Hatligan. one of the largest losvyy Bre purtivlis insered and same
lutedowners np fnciann, was murdered} of Them pretty swell covered, the total
nw Briufelti by berstirg and his) iSurance in caloulated to be not more
Wired min was fare diaree, than $500,005, : '
Htence heal i Chicasa eanaed the Pio lives were lost, Michyel Whalen
death of Genre Means, a tabover, and | aud tts with, an nyed conple, and tivo
three other persank were prostrited, ehliilses of Walter Masher, @ boy of 12
Yhere ance ty Desiness fuilires in} aysel a sith of nine, were badly bucned.
the Psstel Hewes in tie seven tye! 4 Wit? Mulder oF Jesse Smith tre liss-
rolitiion the Tek nenjost ehihe week} su. tnt will tikely tura pp ail right.
previous viet Sad i the corresponding: Seta others are Teparterd inissing,
perind if 160, int woe, a Miss Drillie, ou telephony ap-
{

Setrivker. |
fh a suliway enfiivios at Stittssdh,
ueer Rorteat, Brakeman

The snitun wants Ayserioan missian-

The dreater qed Ht the bisteens por} erator. hus viready been fowtid, Wit
fey) ef Weotocs. HY. was destreved by aaa! Clevehiml, a telephone operator,
Sar iciar s \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote][sas dangeronthly kuct und setera?
hie Veasitay ise<siem ait tise ethinet | ethers wore er jess injured,

Mee Hieegled moetly fuow deassion off Pawder aad dyunaniite were used to
the: Nancie Operntions uf the or. | tow np baildings in the hopeul staying
ernment, tiut progress destruction, but the

Foretieis bites fieeenvtnee uty ctupire wind the} etorts ee FEMS Hens, astel the fire swept
kis has proetaimed bimeelf eroperor. , OV Ung before it, The town bas op

Boavliss Bolte (eolored) war lynched | Sirgin fire entues, thongh there is an
Mao simall Setfiement at Bayou Rara-| CSechent water system, bot the Jowl
tevin, Fa. for rigniog the quatintine| Otemen could do but tittle, all their hase
ene j being burned ju the streets while in ase,

Tom Parker, a neproowas tynehed tigt AU that remuias of shit was a beau-
# nob newr Kertatl Ry Sar kilting: aot tits nal hustling wwo is shout 133
shite enys who atiuched his home, Us ehiugn, a hotel a vhitreh, the rail-
Ksanyeling Cisneros, wha csonped | WY Staten amd thr university build
from u Cathun pricon. hus Signed a dec. ees Which are outnide the town proper,
larition in New York of intention to | Dring the scten hours that the fire
brenue a citizen of He tinted States, raged exery wholesule und retail store
Se Lontan (abe, which line ae art every shop--in fact, every place of
relations with the esbine! spinisters, | business in the whole town--was awept
Rye fhe pacerrmnt may be depended! OF af esistence, with all thes con-
npn te Maintain the zolletindurd ine | {beh Five of the six. hotels were
tiniate. | Yurned, the three buokes, the post office
Phu catulitinn af iusiness thronshout! rut custom house, the courthouse and

fies. Metont, of Arizonn, in his on-
nul report withes » krone plea for
the adimiixcion of the territory to state-
lined.

Charton W. Tirhe. of Ratisnel, Mont.,
Bet reperned from Alaska, saya there

} fs $19,900,006 In pold dust im the hands
of Klondike miners.

Matthew Rogers, « grocec. and dics,
Ida Wright. his mistress, were found
dead in the Kop ss house at Raltimore,
Md. Both had heen shot.

PERSONAL AND POLITICAL.

Seuaterelect HL OD. Money hes bern
appointed United Stutes senator from
Mississippi to 1 the eacancy caused by
the death of Senator sb. 2. George. the
term expiring in 180,

All Ferouck Dey has bees appolated
Tarkish minixter te the Enited States
to succeed Muctaphs Poy.

Charles W. Joues, of Vensarola, for-
mer Chited States Senator from Ftori-
aa, died in Detroit, Mieh., where he bad
lives! for ten yearn,

Thomas Tagsart {dem.) «a6 reelecte3
mnasor of Indianapolis, Lind.

Kev. FG. Thearte, for 19 vears in
mole charge of the Chicago branwh of
the Americas Haptist Palilicution se
ciety, died at the age of 64 years,

Ex-United States Senator Robertson
tied in Calumbia, S.C. He was senator
from South Carolina muder the recon-
struction regime.

William Daniel, one of the leaders of
the prohilition party: and its candi-
date for the viee presidency in j8s4,
Wie sauidenty at his home in Mount
Waahingion, Mii

James Suprise, the oldest man in Fn-
diana, living sear Crown Point, cele.
berated his ave tnndredth and &fth
birtidlay anniversary.

The New York Sun announces that
hereafter it will espouse the cause of
the repatlicoan porty-

Patrick Smith, more than 109 years
of age. diwd at the puorhiouse in El
dors, Ta.

dudge J. J. Nouh, for many years a
well-known newspaper man, died in
Washingten,

Renpomia FP. Hunt, of Rostan, aged
BS years, and Mrs. Jolin A. Sherman. of
Wategtown, ©. ¥., aged 90 years, were
married at Kochester N.Y.

FOREIGN.

York declared it was the purpose of the
\[Euro]ubay, people to carry oa the struggle
wat absolute indvpendesere of Cuba
% accomplishect,

Bins, Mollie Deprinter was saidto hace
teen murdered and burned by ler hus-
Bead at Cantan,

A great gold strike te reported en

Snefels, in Guray county, Col,

wb Carter, & negro whe killed Janex

\[OpenCurlyQuote]Burch in.awaloan at Heegham, Tex., was
Syached-ty a wol.

Myo. Emme Vane, aged 65 years, and
er daughter, Mes. Sarah NM. Shaw, aged
@, were killed by burglars at theie home
fin Camilen, &. J. :

Aseociate Justice Field of the en-

-- court, hasing broken afl recor

langth of service upon the tench,
has made formal application te be re-

Gired Pecember 1 next,

President MeKinkey tourhedt a tele-

* graph Méy of the white house ond
ed the semicentennial exposition

Gt New Bedford, Mans,

During September iast the exports of
tiveacdutoffe from the Unite? States
Srmeented to $24,629,046, ap incrense as
oneapared with September, 1406, of over
00 per cent.

A train on the International & Great
Rorthern road was bei up by fourmen
tear Austin, Tex., gud the passengers
were robbed. - ;

& torfigdo wrecked heures near Fliza-
Seth, N. gd. and killed John Clark.

Herbert Crow was fatally stabbed
with » hairpin at Hastings, Neb., by his
Sweetheart, who was jealous of him,

A eloudbursat Aooded the etreetx af
Meading, Pa. and did great dumege.

(rans Inke, a large sheet of walernear
Wiles, Mich.. has gone completely dry.

The big plant at Racine, Wir, of the
&. £1. Cane Threshing Machine compasy
Das been seld to ua synilicate of eastern
capitalists for $2,000,000.

Bomanitarians, philanthropists, ecu-
eators and others interested in social re-
Gorme met im coiference at Hattie
Creek, Mich.

Actual constroction wark of the first
wallroad to eros Chilkst pass in Alaska
thas been begun.

Ap attempt was made at Bismarck. N,
., to meander Editor Moffatt, of the
Beitier, for bis attacks on the saloon and

Ing element.

ino hattle between settlers and shep-

frerds in Leog Valley, idaho, three men

were &iiied, Men are going crazy in Klondike over
\[OpenCurlyQuote]The Wéaters Curclina bank at Asbe- | the rich gold strikes, many not taking
elite, B. &, gone into votuntery {time to eat.

Charles Pollock crossed the English
channel, 9 distance of 350 miles, in a

hes
fight at Now Oricane Wal-

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Ts 0 prise

ter GriMie streck Jack Cummings a | balloon.
fitaw to the Gitceuth round that cased | Advices from France say there will be
tbe Geath. Bo 1897 champague, this year's grapes

The tweaty-iret anaval meeting of } being tou acid for that purpose.

The Wungariun goxeroment has pur-
chased the race horse tialtee More, the
derby winner, for $100,000,

Gen. Ramon Manco, the new captain-
general of Cuba, announces that he will
act with great energy egsinst the in-
surgents and will employ ali political
means te restore equality of treatment
in the vatious sections of the cogmme-
nity.

The tasargente captured the city of
Bege.ita, Santiago de Cuba province, sit-
er a battle in whieck 500 Spaniards were

Billed. The insurgents niss lest heartily.

the American Hamaue society began at
Rsebrille, Tesn,

Ry the fell of @ ecaffold on s new
ehurch buildisg at Plas, Tex., five men
@ere killed. :

\[OpenCurlyQuote]The pinth atetistical report of the

the eenantry is Suid tebe eanstinthy pHin-
proving,

The peld exports ceria Septemter
amented te 854752 ane the imports
PO ELLEL IS Meretinnilice os purty ge-
eres at S65 Seb ho aed itspant® E-
4403S,

Seven sory In the Kiows eminty \[Euro]X,
¥o) pevitentitry fave been aljadgeed ing
sane ns a divect oonseqaener of The hick
ef wernpatinn,

Phe axotianieers at the fendine efenr
jap bese iy the Cuitesd] States aluring

the week qantedban ie Dth ageresntesd |

SLOT HOT IS4, agains! SES S404 the
presious weeh. \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]the ineresse compared
with the corresponding weeh of T8906
was --e ty,

Thr stentner Triton, from
Tisiea ta Bahia Honda, wae wreekrl
On the narth share of Pinar del Ris
province wad over 200 persons perestaak

Five thousaud conventrtted prople
hase ced of hunger at has Palacios;
Cia, Gr seven months.

Meertias: S. Padlock, whe wie twice
Pauited States senater fen Nelruska,
died suthdrnty at Eyatrier, 7
sears.

Churtes AL Bana, edliter of the New
Yrurk Sun. died at his heme in
wed? TS sears.
sths of the istarie than of
Windsoy. NOS. was wipes out by Bre,
the fess being erer Sia. \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Puacdisew
were fost, Michael Whalea aial his wife,

Henjumis Rich. bolf bach of the Ty
roue foatball reais, was iMod ip a four:
Dall game ot Hrliwonl, Bs.

Alenze Ketek strat gad Rilled Woe
Tam Piereond fatally wotded Watts
Pierco at Maalride fab A Sandy fend
Wars thre anise.

Elward faugtey, husieied of Tits
Tongirs. the onetress. ated fr the a<y-
Yun fer the insane at Claster Ey

A White iin mained? Code wis bs
by is sed wens Witwet, Neko for the
morier of Constihie Bones

KOs persens wou tauniene: by Ts
dkins on the Taku ristr whe on
War tethe Nlonidihe,

Fire ing tnihlivs in NesgVork veo
pitd by Firzpatrieh & (oc manufactar:
eesaf wirrors. cased 2 foxs of 2aanw,

Wes. Sara 1 Bores, the nated ean
eetist, celvprited bis fiftieth birthday
with » notalle watherings at hit hote in
Cartersville. Ga.

On the Tanann riser Ja Alaska rich
strikes of colt have been made. The
rier is ehtirely lu American territies.

An explosion ip a canwing Factory in
Adrian, Mivh. hilied Wiliam Pran and
fatally injured Thomas Grnnell sud
Bert Kimball.

The president has appointed Eugene
Seeger, of Chivare. to be conxul xenerul
of the Onited States at Rio de Janeiro,
Reazil,

tn a duel at Poweravitle, Ga. Wiliam
Limba (white) and Barker Amos (col-
pred) were bath killed.

At Rue littlobservatory in Massachn-
fetts three kites flew to a height nf 11-
Bw) feet, breaking all presions reeoris.

Kehels sacked the city of Kung Yang,
China, and kikeil or wounded 1,000 per-
eous.

Keangelina Cisneros, the Caban girl
who was reseved froma Havana prison,
was given a public reception al Del-
maouico\[CloseCurlyQuote]s ia New York.

suas tire

avesd of

their

hyaik (the prisoners being lherated by
{the juller}, the eleewic Hult station,
Meterraph ant telephone buildings,
Lesecy founiry, mi and factory. five of
{tim nix churvhes--Methodist, Baptiss,
i fieshyterian, Konan Catholic and Sal-
;¥ation Anuy, the Episcopal onty es-
sepia -- wit pathy echool buildings and
(4M tesideacen and dwellings
| Wiadsar by a histori: town In the land
of Evangeline, about 2) nules from Hali-
fos, aul in famens 45 a seat of learning,
containing a ladies\[CloseCurlyQuote] seminary and
King votives, ane of tie oldest aniver-
i Nities iy Agmeties. Ht was ove of the
iwealthicst towns fer itestze in Chnada,
no? eoutained about 4900 inkabitanta,
(3,0) of whom are now homeless,

SALISBURY TO RETIRE.

{ Honpertens (emer Bascomicerwm Ge bibe
Getidwls Cea helene.

Londo, Cet. 14.--The duily Gironiecle
@nnenunees that in view of Lord Ralis-
bary\[CloseCurlyQuote]s dvsire to resign the premiership
an \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]arly reconstruction of the cabinet
ix probable. According to the Dally
Chronicle no seriuns difference of opin-
jon exists among the ministry on mnat-
ters of potiey, but Lord Salisbury finds
lin health unequal to the strain and
borien of his two offiees of premier and
ferent minister, The quecn is relue-
tant to sagrtion his retirement, and
therefuce it nay be deferred for a time.
fu these matters he: majesty exercises
her prerocative loa prentor extent than
iS eerily knows, For instance, ber
WAH became a royal command when
faved Rosebery against hic own with
| tak the fortign-ofice purtfatio in Mer,
» Giadstone\[CloseCurlyQuote]s aabinet. Serinas i health.
jhowever, relieves the subject apuitst
tev sich an obligation. and it is prob-
Pabte that Lond Salisbure\[CloseCurlyQuote]s resignation
; Will be averpted at ne remote period.

MASSACKE IN CHINA.

j Mebetn Sark Cts of Rone Vang nad
| KEM or Wemad 8.5000 ie reemn.
j  \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Paeoina, Wash. Get, 18.---The city of
| Kasey Yang. In Hunan previnve, has
| been captured amid its inhabitiats mas-
i suered ty gn band of rebels foruiag part
fot a rebel army Which is devastating
| Honan and Roane provitives, in-south-
feru Chica. Aneutire night was «pent
(i sfavirge and plundering. AL min-
j dlavins saul every civil and inititary ofi-
\ervrin the city were sliin. The auuher

killed and injured exceede:d 1,000. \[OpenCurlyQuote]The
: iscreents numbered 15.000 men, half of
Uimarmed Their avowed object is to
destroys existing government in south-
ero China. The government is grenily
slarme!, but has oo adequate means of
Scppressinye the insurrection,

timye Hiusaeeht & e.

Mount Vernen, It, Oct 18.--re
Hesitt, former chief clerk of the south-
ern Hiinois penitentiary at Chester,
Whese whereabouts has beeu unknown
mince the discover? of a 26,000 shortage
' ir his Aveounts, appeared soddenty and

gave bund for fram $6,000 te 310,000 for

his appearance at the next term.of the

| Biandoiph circuit court to auswe: \[OpenCurlyQuote]oan
indiviment of embezzlement.
Sere eer

Pisce Fheussed Iie of Hauger.

Key West, Fla, Get. 18--Five thow-
send concentrated people have died of
huoger at Las Palacuis, 2 town in Wine?
te} Kio province, in sever months,

THE PORTAL SERVICE,
Dome Batoreneiog Rxtewote ares

Campia ef Regwrou. *

Washington, Oet. 18--Following are

werne extracts from the annual report hurt Hood's Hae Gured Tess,

ef Second Assistant Fovtmuster Shalten- |. Uy fare sod Soe? Suns mews ot caecn,
wager: sores have disappeared. I pelleve
The repart gives an interesting review af a :

the principal devetopmenta in the entire
hostal service of the United Bratex, and
connecting forvign mails. 3 sheay« an age
Srcgate of appropriations fer thts part of
She pestal service for the current | ar og
$51,061,288; the protable deficlencs Is Fay5
606, making the estima expenditures
thin year SLM2I8 This will be Breet,
Or My per cent mere than for the flsout
Fear just closed. The v¥stiinate for the
fecal Year IM ks S735. whieh: (4 ~
795,521 more than the estimated expendiv
ture for the current year.

The simmaty of afl clesses of service it
operation Jane 36 Inst, fotows: Numberof
Fautes, S481; lenech of routes. shor miles:
anuval rate of expenditures, $1 Weta:
Aumber of miles traveled per annus. i~
SWAN: Pate of cost per mile traveled, 115
cents: tate of cost pee enile of Jenath. 03;
axvrage number of (rips per woek, * 60.
East sear there was ay inenase of 2t-
SO milen of Wavel in Star service, nO &6-

ietrletex,

sential ta rurel @
only one pneumatic

Palermo, 10.
Hood\[CloseCurlyQuote]s®srs:
gpear aller
Tstho dest--in tuct the Ome True Mood Pariges..
Hood\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Pills: irsese(TM) anaes:
Cine a et aS PRES OMION NOPE LY OTT

Rvevy Saterduy ta
Reuco te Ons

Lant your there way
istal (ube in operation in the couniry.
that in Vhlladetphia. Binee then fane shee
contracts have been executed, in Philadel-
phia, New. York, Boston and heiween New
York and\[CloseCurlyQuote] Brooktya, Concerning this pew
Postal feature, Then, Shatlenbenser reports:
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]It fx quite possible\[CloseCurlyQuote] to carry second, third
amt fourth-clage matter ay wall as Pret
when it tan be nade profitahie, Extension
to stations several mites Aistany from the
main otlice, eventuatiy, wilt save clerical
forre au well ws expedite delivery in dis-
ltnt cities from 43 to 2 hours. The mast
Important soutce of reventie to the die-
partment witt be the large increase of foen}
COTreSpOM NENTS BM special delivery letters,
The extension of the tubolar xystem will
He necessarily slow, and probably confined
1c populous centers.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

Ne catimate for special Yost mall services
is submitted, aa ft is stated the xervice in
Fenefal wilt be better if the special facitity
apprepriation is aiscontinuced. The éati- [>
trie for electric and cable car servite {a
$s05,08, and 229 appifeatinns for es
tMhishment of new service of this charace
tet are on file, As iw forélicn malls, the re-
port Makes an estimate of $0109 for
tteosportation, and $2.500 for balanews Jue
forelen countries. Vhe abgregnie cost af
this Sertice Was $2,658,724.

dm abstract of the aniual report of |
the peneral superitenent of the rail- | te
Wy sn3il service follows:

The number of pleres of all classes of
mail matior distritrited of the cers dieing
the yeuy was 1)5it,500,60, exclusive of regs
iaictet matter anal city malik of registered
Miati¢y there were 18608 pierce in alk
The Amount of city mall distributed for
stations and corciers ducing the ycar-ag-
Stegaied IAM pieces. \[OpenCurlyQuote]The jncregsge of
ordinary malt handicad over the peéviona
year was 37 per cont, A comparative table
covering & period of ten year shows that
there has heen an incryase in the amount of
mall handicd of 77.2 percent, an increase
fo the Workings Taxce of 48.6 per cent, The
number of pices of matter, legibly ad-
Oreesid, Randled Moring the year wes ihe
GT.T6A

There were 58 cayugitics during the year,
in owhivh 14 clerks lost thetr lives, 32 were
seriotighy und 7% siightly injured. \[OpenCurlyQuote]Thks is @
larger number of casualtiox and fatalttiex 1:
than have ovcurred during any previgum
year since the orgusizstion of the servies.
The passage Of wm lil tor the retfer ot a
families of clerks kilfed in the line of duty,
of clerks Injured and unfiited ervies P
permanently or temporarily, pam for
retirement on partial pay
have served so jong os to %
service, has axein been ur

The reorganization g
the service skain is
Seneral superbrrende
1 made for the enact
tlun to prevent ung
ful Interference
on duty in mall cal

At the close of
Pfailway post off
clerks; 2
2 clerks; 42°
clerks: making Bjme
and (otal numbers
tion to theme oi
te duty at in
pots: and 2h deg
varlons offtcea?ea
srand total ofS
Fatlroad SF SB
service was IQ
ae: and of ntemop
grand total of ¢
ot service was 2
wholv cary tn nae gi

EX-stnaTor ew
Re Repureaemieds He

1k. He received
studied law, and
187. He was ap
tary by Abrahem
office he held until Seay
idle the union. Be pie

acting Governor a pee ety

Was clected to the bn : ;
AS, holding thar office for Bix\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] we
was appointed a member of the CoB.
Mission in June, 102, by Presideme Arthir,
on which he served unth Gctobery, see

when he resigned. being again qlsetad oo
the United States senate as a u
this time #8 successor to Charles

Wryek. Bite last acrm: In the nena aged
Bturch 3, 186, his successor being
W. aAllen.| _ Se ee
iW COLD BLOOD,
Drunken 2eace Murders Prozriews | 5
of a Powd du kao Muret,
Ford ds Lac, Wis., Oct. 18.--Johy Bea-
Tyan, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]etl SU, proprictor of the Heaman
beoxe, 279 Muin street, wis murdered
at $343 o'clock Sunday morning by Wil-
liam Payne, colored, ju the preyence of
scveral white nen, in the hotel! barroom.
Vayte was drank and was flourishing

bled with ss
lewor-  -
rhea, and

& ravor. Ue said be was going to kill mon

some one. He folowed Beaman be- aivasl es a

hind the bar, forced him uguinst the coda were iat
wall, caught him by the whiskers, and, very inreg-

with the words: \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]This is the way I'll ae r;
do it," cut Beaman\[CloseCurlyQuote]s throat from ear te | (oo 5 oe Sine
ear. Payne escaped during the excite- ici and gin

ment that ensved, Beaman. followed
th, murderer to the door, where be [eil
and expired. Payne bas pot been cup-
tured.

Welestwse at Commsnion,

Yndianapo!:=. Lud. Oct. 16.--The most
largely-atiented communion service
ever held by the Christina church in
this country was conducted in Temlin-
pon hall Sunday afternoon, when aver
4,000 souls partook of the loaf and wine.
The service wns the leading feature of
the Sunday pregramme of the Chris-
tian conventions.

Mre. Langtry": Usysband theod.

Loudon, Oct. 18.--Edeant Langtry,
the husband of Lily Langtry the act-
reas, died Friday night in the asylum
for the iosane at Chester, to which he
wes recently committed,

About a yearago{ was me
friend to try Mra. Pinkham\[CloseCurlyQuote]sSaz
Wash and Vegetable Compound,\[CloseCurlyQuote]
Edid. After using three bot
the Vegetable amd \[OpenCurlyQuote]
age of Sanative Wash. I am now om
ing better health than I ever di
Sttribute the sume to your wo
remedies. I cannot find words to
press what & Godsend they beve 3
to me. s

a