Page 8

ye *% bi 2
- / :

Tournament champs

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

1982 team captures
tournament trophy

In the recent annual Jancee Alumni Basketball Tournament held at Findlay
High School, the 1980 team (top photo) captured the championship trophy.
The 1982 team won the second place trophy (bottom photo) in the tournament.
The tournament was held March 22, 23 and 24.

Findlians
in the news

After attending church services
Sunday, Mr. and Mrs. John Cleveland
and Rhonda, James Matlock, Patti

Photo by Pauline Briney

| Sorrell and Flo Cutler enjoyed dinner at

Findlay\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Finest Restaurant.

Mr. and Mrs. Junior Rodman had the
following for Easter Sunday dinner: Mr.
and Mrs. Stanley Wagner, Bryan and
Travis, Mr. and Mrs. Steve Trexler and
Seth, all of Pana, Mr. and Mrs. David

First place in the annual Jaycee
Alumni Basketball ee
captured by the 1982 team.

x included Jeff
Rothrock, Dale Chapman, Scott Wagner,
Don Miner, Rod Smith, Chris Beck, Jeff

Taking the second place trophy was the
1980 team which included Tim Morse,
Bill Hubbartt, Terry Bolin, Scott
Ikemire, Willie Strohl, Alan Tucker and
Bob Weakley.

Friday, April 8, 1983

School most valuable palyer is Bob

Kellow.

Other teams and their members were:
1962-69 - Coy Thomas, Bob McClain,
Steve Wildman, Gary Park, Dave
Boehm, Bob Mowry, Larry Rodman, Jim
Wells and Mark Camfield.

- Rich Waggoner, Doug
Doss, Greg Bohlen, Ron Cloyd, Ed
Plumb, Less Martz and Brian Woods;

--1981 - Steve Wright, Jeff Getz, Curt
Wooters,Jim Mounts and Tim Uphoff;

--1983 - Mike Berg, Bob Kellow, Jim
Matlock, David Lee, Mike Jones, George
Lewis, Dave Robison, Bruce Berg, Tim
Strohl and Tim Clark;

--1973-74 - Dan Heiland, Jeff Perry,
Jim Carroll, Mike Lucas, Jeff Browning,
Larry Arthur and John Thomson;

--}1978-79 - Herb Bricker, Jeff Perry,
Chuck Farris, Rick Powers, Dennis
Brown and Steve Pflum.

--All Stars - Rick Williams, Steve
Lucas, Mike Adrian, Dave Plummer,
Don Stockdale and John Wells.

Team finishes competition

The Findlay-Bethany team that
recently completed their first basketball
season competing in the Central Illinois
Independent League finished with a 19-12
record

The team won a second place trophy in
the league tournament at the end of the
season, losing the championship game to
Mt. Zion by only two points. The team
also won first place in a small, four team
tournament held earlier in the season at
Findlay.

4-H news

Team members included Mike
Nichols, Roger Dearman, Tim Morse,
Herb Bricker, Jr., Rich Waggoner from
Findlay, Jim Bone, Dick Bone, Jeff Bone
from Bethany, Greg Florey from
Moweaqua and Brian Wood from
Shelbyville.

Sponsors were Wooters Auto and
Sound, Bank of Findlay, P.C. Ltd.,
Livergood Grain, Brush Enterprises,
Bethany Farm Tire and Jack Bone
Trucking.

Marilyn S. Graham and Carol A. Robertson

April 4-10 is Shelby County 4-H Week.
The theme for this year is \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Behind the
Scenes of 4H.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] Several events are
scheduled for the week, so be sure to
mark down the ones you are interested
in.

Monday, April 4 - Window Displays in
place - judging will be on this date.

Tuesday, April 5 - Career Day.

Wednesday, April 6 - 4H Bowl 7:00
p.m. Home Ec. Building.

Thursday, April 7 - Open Line Radio

Friday, April 8 - Share-the-F'un Contest
7:00 p.m. Shelbyville High School
Auditorium.

Sunday, April 10 - Attend Church of
your choice.

The dog obedience classes begin on
April 11 at 6:30 p.m. in the Home
Economics Building in Shelbyville. This
program is open to anyone who would
like to learn the basics of dog obedience.

Dogs must be vaccinated and owners
must bring some type of proof of vac-
cination to the first meeting. A dog must
be at least six months old and no dog is
too old. The cost of the eight-week course
is $30. This includes collar and lead. For
registration, please contact Cyndi Sexton
at 567-3601 or the Shelby County Ex-
tension Service at 774-4812 or 774-4321.
Both adults and 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are welcome to
attend these classes. 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers will be
charged only for the collar and lead.

Shelbyville, Illinois, 62565.

Sheriff's Department
Deputies Merit Commission
Shelby County, Illinois

Applications are being accepted for vacancies which may occur
within the Shelby County Sheriff's Department.

Applications and appointment requirement forms may be
obtained from the~Sheriff's Office, Shelby County Courthouse,

Applications to be submitted to same office by April 29, 1983.

Deputies Merit Commission
ike Downs, Secretary