Page 12

Eleven are confirmed at church

Amy Stockdale,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Don Stockdale;
LeAnn Brown, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Dennis Brown; Kevin Dawdy, son of Mr.
and Mrs. Ben Dawdy; Mike Knierim, son
of Mr. and Mrs. Larry Knierim; Tim
Rothrock, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ronald
Rothrock; Lance Beery Jr., son of Mr.

Bible study held
at Lash home

Six youth from the Findlay Baptist
Church Youth group attended a Bible and
book study in the home of Mark and

Lash.
Following the study tacos were served.
Were Pelesia and Lisa

Waggoner and Mark, Carolyn, Matthew,
Jeremy and Laura Louise Lash.

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62544

and Mrs. Lance Beery, Sr.; Sean
Creviston, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jim
Mounts and David Keown, son of Mr. and
Mrs. Don Keown.

The church also received as new

Ee
a
2,

Seeeeeeeeeaeee eee eeeeee eee ee eee eee eee eee ee eee

See eeeeeeeee eee eee ee eee eee eee eee eee eee ee

este ee ee ee ban 2 as ONCE

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]ee eeee ee eee eee eee eee eee eee ee

Immunization clinic set April 13

en's c's e's ees es ss 6 8 6's" atatatctetatatetatatctatete®
SPSS eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeneae
22 2 eee OPPS

a - «

Robbi Zakowski
marks birthday

Mr. and Mrs. Bob Zakowski en-
tertained guests Saturday evening in
a of Robbi Zakowski\[CloseCurlyQuote]s third bir-

y.

Guests included Tony and Bernice
Walsh and Mr. and Mrs. Frank Zakowski
of Casey, Carl, Debbie and Devinna
Smith of Mattoon and Mr. and Mrs. Dale
Park of Findlay and Chris Zakowski.

Ashton Waggoner
honored at party

Ashton Waggoner celebrated his third
birthday with a party at his home. A
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Popeye\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] cake and ice cream were
served to guests.

Those enjoying the party were his
parents and sister, Rich, Kathleen and
Lindsay Waggoner, Peg Moomey,
Woodrow and Marjorie Enoch, Lori

Farris and Tim Morse.

NOTICE TO THE CITIZ

At a recent meeting of the represen-
tatives of the Churches of Findlay,
Illinois, the following statement was
adopted:

To our fellow citizens of the Village of
Findlay:

We, the representatives of the Chur-
ches of Findlay, view with grave concern
the reports that certain citizens of the
Village of Findlay are interested in
repealing the Village ordinance which
prohibits the sale of alcoholic beverages
within the Village limits, and pledge
ourselves to every necessary effort to
retain this valid ordinance in its present
form.

We do so being firmly convinced the
present ordinance is in the interest of our
citizens, young and old, as well as in the
interest of our community life. There is
nothing to be gained; there is much to
lose. We believe it is our duty to voice our
disapproval of any proposed community
action which will be harmful in its
consequences. Our purpose is not to
criticize any individuals or groups, but
rather to direct the attention to every
person in our Village to the moral and
social issues involved. We encourage
everyone to carefully consider the facts
and not to be swayed by the psuedo

statistics indicate that the sale of
alcoholic beverages within a community
results in harmful and deteriorating
consequences. Among these are the
following reasons for our position:

1. INCREASE OF COST TO THE
COMMUNITY

Where alcoholic beverages are readily
available the cost to the community
increase. The only persons who profit are
those behind the bar and those in the
liquor industry, the community and the
citizens are the big losers. The cost of
alcohol problems in the United States has
risen to an estimated $74.5 billion, ac-
cording to the most recent figures from
the Consumer Price Index (CPI). Sub-

tract the $11.6 billion received in
revenues and fees and $62.9 billion is left

(600%) as much as we receive in taxes

and fees. In Shelby County the Com-
known as

County residents with alcohol related
problems. Some of this amount is your
tax dollars, since the funding comes from
county taxes. Add to this the fact that the
local communities have to pay for many
of the other costs, police protection, court
costs, jails, public aid, etc. that increases
when alcohol generates more problems.

2. DECREASED PURCHASING
POWER.

The ready availability of alcoholic
beverages results in a drain on the
purchasing power of the community.
Money spent for liquor is not available
for necessary and worthwhile
It means less sales for other businesses,
less profits for other businesses, and less
profits to distribute to employees in pay
raises and dividends. Alcoholism is
accompanied by the public burden or
rehabilitation and the economic loss of
manpower. '

3. MORE PROBLEM DRINKERS
Beverage alcohol is the number one
drug in America and the use of it is the
number one drug problem. Conservative
figures show some 11 million Americans
are addicted as alcoholics. Where
alcoholic beverages are readily
available more potential alcoholics
become problem drinkers and/or the
victims of alcoholism. We are certain no
thinking person wants to increase their
number and bring this misery into more

By the authority of the Church Boards:

CHURCH OF CHRIST OF FINDLAY
Floyd Merritt, Preacher
FINDLAY BAPTIST CHURCH

Jim Wilson, Minister .

lives.

4. INCREASED TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS
AND FATALITIES

Where alcoholic beverages are readily
available more individuals drink and the

and traffic fatalities. More bodies are
ruined, more bodies are maimed, and
more people die in accidents. Over the
past ten years 250,000 Americans were
killed in alcohol related auto crashes.
That figures to 25,000 deaths per year.
Most estimates say 50% of all auto traffic
deaths are alcohol related.

The Finalcial impact: Ask your in-
surance agent how much your rates go
up if you were convicted on a drunk
driving charge. See your Lawyer and ask
what it would cost to defend someone on
a drink driving charge. Ask a judge what
kind of sentences are handed down for
drunk driving cases.

5. INCREASED CRIME

Where alcoholic beverages are readily
available crime increases. Seventy-two
percent of robbers are drinking prior to
or during the offense. Eighty-six percent
of all murders are alcohol related. The
high relationship of drinking to crime
should warn us that it is most unwise to
allow the sale of alcoholic beverages in
our Village.

6. INCREASED FAMILY PROBLEMS
Where alcoholic beverages are readily

available family problems increase.

Sixty-five percent of Child abuse is

\[OpenCurlyQuote]alcohol related. Babies can be born with

Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, the result of an
uncaring or ignorant Mother, and can
cause birth defects when alcohol is
consumed during pregnancy. Many
times alcohol is responsible for increased
family tensions, the dissolution of the
home, irreparable harm to innocent
children, and the sorrow, heartache, the
bitterness that follow. Statistics show
that the ready availability of alcohol
increase and intensifies these social ills.

ENS OF FINDLAY

7. INCREASED PRESSUR ON YOUTH

Most young people who begin to drink
do so as a result of social pressure.
Where alcoholic beverages are readily
available more social pressure is put on
young people. Alcohol consumption is the
leading cause of death of all American
Youth between the ages of 15 and 24. Our
youth are under much social pressure of
a negative nature now -- let\[CloseCurlyQuote]s not be
responsible for further injustice to them.
Of all that is ours as a Village, we value
youth most highly.

8. SPIRITUAL AND MORAL DECLINE

In addition to these facts, there are
some related spiritual considerations.
All men are in need of personal salvation.
This is possible only by repentance of sin
and through faith in Jesus Christ as Lord
and Savior. We do not want to leave the
impression with anyone that social ac-
tion, legislation, or even moral living can
bring about a right relationship with
God. But as Christians we must be

and our influence for righteousness. Our
God has given us the bodies in which
live and through which we can enjoy a
good life. These bodies beong to Him; we
are but stewards. May we refrain from
anything which would injure our bodies
or place a stumbling block in the path of
others. We are stewards and we are our
brother\[CloseCurlyQuote]s keeper. We are responsible for
our relationship to God, for our body and
soul, and for our influence for good or
evil in the life or our neighbor.

These are facts that demand our most
careful consideration. There are serious
social, moral, and spiritual con-
sequences that cannot be ignored.

It is our hope and confidence that our
citizens favor only that which is in the
highest interest of our Village. Let us be
united and refuse to open any door which
may lead to social, moral, or spiritual
deterioriation and/or destruction.

9. VOTE YES TO VOTE DRY ON
APRIL 12, 1983.

FINDLAY UNIT METHODIST CHURCH
Curtis Eaker, Minister
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH OF FINDLAY
Lyle R. Jesse, Minister