The avitence of the divers catabliakes

' that the after part of the ship was prac
Vieally intact and sank im that condition a

p . very ere eonanes Otis tie sApeaien The
: forward part was completely demolished.

EE Upon the evidence of concurrent external
Wis Cause the linding of the court jz an follows:

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]At Trame 17 the outer shell of the ship,
b from @ point 11% feet fram the middle tins

f- \[OpenCurlyQuote]The ee . a meen ti oreo cone baa en
i quiry ports 20 as to how about four
the President.

oe

above the surface of the water; therefore,
about 2 feet above where it would be had
the ship aunk pninjured,

Piniés Bemt award,

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]The outside bottom plating Is bent {ato
& reversed V shape, the after wing of
which, sbout 15 fcet broad and 2 feet
im length (fram frame 17 to frame 2), te
Coubled back upon {tself mgainst the con-
Unuagtion of the wame plating extending
forward. :

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]At frame 18 the vertical keet ts broken fn
two and the keel bent tito an angle singu-
lar to the angle formed for the outside
Mates, This break ja abont six feer be-
low the surface of the water and about
i feet above ity normal position.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]In the opinion of the caurt thia effect
could bave been proguced only by the ex-
slosion of & mine situated under the Bot-

agent y ieee)

3 SPAIN IS NOT MENTIONED

Captain Sigahee and the Vessel\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
Crew Are Completely
Rxonerated,

THE PLATES BENT UPWARDS

Provident\[CloseCurlyQuote]n Measage te Congress
Poo: Not Mention Pusat.

Pramemita the Hepert to Congress
with Ne Startling Sietement as do
te ietention--Auise fer ie~
Siberate Coagtderatian,

ooo

Washington, March 2%--The prostdont
Monday sent the following message to
copg ress:

Fo the Congress of the United States:

For same time prinr to the visit of the
Maine tn Havana harbor our consular rep-
yesettatives pointed out the advantages to
Gow from the visit of natians? ships to the
Guben waters, in accustoming the prapl- to
the prerence of ovr Rag as the eyinhol of
goed wil! and oF our Bhips ja the faliiliment
ef the misyion of proteutign to American in-
> teresis, evén though no immediate nocd
a therefor might exist.

% Aceordingiy, on the 24th of January tast,
after conference with the Spanish minister
in which the renewal of visitu of our war
Vessels fo Spanish waters was discussed

a pre and nmocepted, the peninsular «uthor\[CloseCurlyQuote] ties at
+: Madrié and Havana were advised of tie

F purpose of this government (¢ resume

friendly naval Visits et Cuban port, ard

that tr that view the Maine would forih-
with call at the port of Hayann.
The Maine at Bavane.

yy This announcement was received by the

oh Bpanioh government with appreciation of

r the friendly character of the visit of tho

Matve ani with notification of tatention

to return the camrtesy by sending Span:

ash ships to the principal ports of the

United States. Meanwhtin the Maine ¢n-

tered the port of Havana on thy wih of

January, ber arrival Solos, marked with

no Bpecial tietdent besides the exchance of

eusomary salutes and ceremonial visits.

The Maine continued In the harbor of
Havana during the three weeks foiluw-
-- fing her arrival, No apprenahie excnte-
ee ment atterdied her stay! ats the contenry,
: a@ feeling of relief and confidences: tollaved
the rexumption of the feng Interrupted
fricndiy \[OpenCurlyQuote]intercourse. So noijeeatie was
thie imartiate effect of ber visit that the
Qonsul-peners! strongly urged thet the
pracence of our ships in Vobab watire
Gould be kept up by retalsiug the Meine
at Maevanha, or In the evisit of ber reroll
by nend@ing there a veasel to take hor place,

The Fatek Mwermtoug.

At @ minutes past nine an the evening

of the Eih of Fetvrunry the Maine wax

@estroyed by an explovion, ty which the

i entine forward part of the slip was m-
terly wrecked In Thit catantraphe two
aitiicers anil 24 of her crew perished, thuse
hoa were not killed outright ty ber éx-
E- Plosion belt pean? between decks by
the tongle of Wreckage nod drowned ty

the Unine date stinking wf the tiuli. Prompt

tm of the shtp, at about frame 1 sna!
Sjoewhal on the port side ef the whip?"
Concinelomn of the Court, |

The canchasingx of the court an:

That the Joss of rie Malte wus netta any
cMSpert due ro fot or negiinence en ties
part of any af the offfeers ne menibers of
lier Crew,

Thug the Sip war dnetroyod he fin ox-
plosion, of a submarine thine, which caused
the partial ¢xplusien of twa oF sore of trer
FurwWard Riakavines> and,

"That ay evidence bas hren-obtuinahle fhe-
tng the respanaiyiticg far uy: destraectivn
of 0276 Maloun upon ehy persen or peraous

To bava Mirccted that the wWoding of 2tic
court-of lngulzy aod the views of Cris gov-

--_--_

Be assiiiance was rendered by Gie neiahtot-
Br fig Vesecin nuchored tn the barton, abt
f being especially given hy fee beats of

Be * the Spanhkih cruter Alptonsy Nth ast the
Ward tne steanter Cis af Warhinetun,
which tay not for distaye The woot
Were Keoeranly cured Tas by the wucheri-
ties of Mivann, Ui choopitabsh: ivk freety
Opened ra them, white fhe exrite ot pecucs
ered badicn nf the dad were biterred hy
the manicipatity ina patie cemerces fy
the city Trthutes of grin? ari exnigathy
Were offered frum all offtelul quarters of
the Iand,
tnaved Imtemne Reretlement.

The appalling vakimity Gell upon Che pens
ple of cote vongtry With crushitin fore und
for @ brief! Hine al thtenene- + Reltement pre-
pe valled, wideh Qian eoaragunity les. duet und
as neH-controtied than wurs aout have bil te
P hasty acty of blind reanntaiest. Tix sptr-
RR. however, soon gave woe te the calmer
. Procomaes of regacn and tothe resales tu in
; veatigate the facts ardbawakt thaosiatevial
i proof before fortis a fniicment as to Ohe
cuuse, the rasponsiibty mead. if athe faerx
warvrante, thy remedy dim Tais mnitsy
io Beceavartly recomended, Meclf from the
o Use to The executive, forwily Inthe eht

ot 4 dixnpassionaltely pxcertahieed oGeriminty

tould (tf dcrermine the nature aid measore
. Of tte fuld aluty tn the matter.
4 The usual proceture wes followed. as in

eth enves of canvalts or disaster to nutional
z vente of ahy matitie state. Ao nuvi
, four of inquiry war at enre  orparize t,
eumpoesed of officers well quubith fd ly rank
end practical experieuce te dics hiarke the
enero duty impeset pote them,

Added by @ strony Toree of wre hens and
Givers tse court probeqted te make a ther
Ough Inventination oy the spol, eapplaping

conn ntih
fo her msqore, vt
tht BN VHIY Yew dees
: 430 hey Maratie fe tiie ete vesGt
Hew a inp 6 et sue reited by
toner <ered the Teteaadtiy relaqians of the Ova {
KeVertitenits t

A wan the tals of the exeeckiive 19 nde
Vise! Ube cotioree oF ee restdt, ad ds theeg
Tore pte hebserate censiveration i =|
Volkert, \[OpenCurlyQuote]

Streaks WEULEAM SV RINEEY,
Mxocutive Manion, March us, py

ePrtre ttt pieracan te
SOV ET ies
they tet ge

stave Of jn

i

aan

every avaliable: mv fer Uie fespurtial
Bod exact determination of the sales of
the explostsu. Its operetions + bears

Conducted with the ufmust Actity ration aud
gudgment, atid while fudepecdertty par
Sued Oh sore: of information was theelor
e@ und the fullest opportunity was allowed
for & simnultanrans fyvestisation by the
Spanish authorities.

The Flewdieog of the Court,

The findtrig of the court «f Inquiry was
reached, after 23 dass of eeythion nie Labor
eo the fist of Murch tust.. and Yaving
been approved on the foi by the cum-
Mander Ih chief of the Pyttent Syutes naval
force of the North Atinntic atation. was
transmitted to the executive.

t. is herewith tard before congress, to-
gether with the velumingws testimony
taken before the court iis purport fs, In
brief, ax foliuws:

When the Maine arrived at Havana she
Waa conducted by the resnlar government

Se ee ee, eee

; pot to buvy Ne. # to whieh she was ate ee PRT
: sroored In frum 6% to 6 fathems of water. SSS ete NG
Bz, The state of discipline on buart, and the as ee \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Sots

condition of her magazines, butlers, cua)
bunkers and storage conypariments, are
bs passed in review, with the conclimion that
excellent order prevaced ata) that no fn-
@ication of any cause thr an internal explo-
sion existed in any qiarter.
a At eight o'ctuck f. the evening of Peb-
2 = rungy H everything hand been reported ge-
cure and all wae quiet.
At @ minutes past nina o'clock the vease?
wes suddenly destroyed
= Tee Explosions.
There were two distinct explovons, with} The following 1 the full text of the re-
& brief Interval between them. The first | port of the court of inquiry:
titted the forward port of the ship very} United States Steamchip Powe, First
Percepitiy: the second, which was more) Rate.--Key West, Fin., Monday. Maret 21.
- Prolonged, ta attributed by the court to the | R--After fall and matere consideration
fe Perlint explosion of two or more of the Feg-} of all the testimony before ft, use court
am: : . ard mag asines. Onde as follows:

THE COURT'S REPORT.

Stretemenic of Capt. Sampson aud
Mie Anpectnica Haacd on Ten-
mens Talen.

----__------ -------- rn seers

tse) teeth

) tisk trte-ts

MIDSHIP SECTION OF THE MAINE.

Biseipiine Was Excefieme.

& The state of discipline on board tho
Maine was excellent, and all orders and
repulstions in regard to thetare and safety
of the ship wero atrictly carried out,

All ammunition was stowed away in ge-

cordance with Lnstractions, and proper care }

was taken whenever ammunition was
handed,

Nothing was stowed in eny one pf the
magazines or shell rooms which was not
permitted to be stowed there

The magazines and shell rooms were al-
Ways locked after having been opened; and
afior the destruction of the Maine the keys
were found fn thelr proper place In the cap-
tain\[CloseCurlyQuote]s cabin, everything having teen re-
ported seeure that ¢vening at etght p.m.

Temperature Wan Sormed,

The temperatures of the magacines and
shelirsoms: were taken Wally and reported.
The only macazine which bad an undue

ame at the time of the Minaster, but fer
auxiliary purposes only with 2 compara-
tively low pressure of steam, end hetag
Rended by & vellable watch, These boilers
could not have caused the explosion of the
ohig. The four forward bolices have aince
been found by the divers, and are in a fair
condlion.

Om the night of the destruction of the
Maine everything bad been reported we-
cury for the might at eight p.m. by re
ilubie persons, througt the proper suthor-
ics, to the commanding officer, At the
time the Maing was destroyed the ahip wes
quiet, and therefore leaat Mable ts accident
caused by movements from those on board.

Were two Kxplantess,

3. The destruction of the Matne occurred
at $36 p. m. on the ith day of February,
i4, in the hartor of Hrevana, Cuba, be-
tux at the time moored on the sania buoy to
a bad been taken upon her ar
riv

Thore Were two explosions of a dintinetly
cifferent character with @ very short but
Uistinect iuterval between thom, and the
forward part of the ship was lifted to a
rourksl degrec-at the time of the firut ex-
Diosion.

The first explosion was more tn the na-
ture ofa report, like that of e gun, while
the second explosion was more open, pro-
fouged and of greater volume. This sec-

TOLD BY WITNESSES,

Extract of Important Testimony
Taken by the Court.

Liteat. Powekson\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Story Told om the
Third Dey of the Heaslen-im~
portant Bincarerics Made
lp so That Time.

--

Washington, March 25.--The following aro

rtions of the testimony:
easier W. V..N. Powelson wae called
the third day of the court. Ho textified
that he had been present on the Meine
every day from the arrival of the boat
Fern and during @ great deal of the diving.

in yepty to @ question to tl the court
el about the condition of the wreck, be
euld the forward part of the ship forward
of the after smokestack had becn to all
appearances completely destroyed. The
conning tower lay in a position opposits
the coor leading to the superstructure aft
and to starboard, Inclined at about 1) de-
grees ta tho vertical with the top of the
conning tower tm beard. Continuing, he

THE LATE SECOND-CLASS BATTLESHIP MAINE,

ene
ae

raat

}

amount ofhout wasthnvatter ten-iaeh mag-
ovtos, at tet did net expiolie at the time
the Malthe was desipayed.

The tard wir heads wer All stowvet
in the after part of the ship ames the wird
howtn gpt belther cused por participated
in Hier eyetrautbone ef fie Mie pit

The 6rs gun certen peliners and doten-
atiits Were stivwml ti the cabin aft and
remuite fren the scene of thitexydlosjun.

ThA wieste vam ctefuriy tuted ator an}
tier (hit Muing to wlyiate Tamer, Rye
ent orders in renard to this had leon given
by theo ectaminretitie etficer i

Varnistes, drvers, aleohuband other cam }
hastibles of this nature wor: stewed on}

oy above the Maine deck and could not}

THE WOLD PLANS

SS aM FAL! ye.

He

Sesh Pepe A tle then ptar

Pout

tout Nenkers tangeetod.

Ths eth agi te oe
srtanl Tih dot

= fistas

hur
LPR Wo

WORsT O° coy
tN ene we ee eet ene
safe Se 8 ee
+ + en ~ 2 2 we
_ +
7 ae ime et omene + veg

DON et Re a Ne el Fg

--------

Senle 4-16 toch to one foot.

Vern In use that dar. and 4 16 was ful} |
wl New Biver coat This coal bad bien
van falls Juspeeted before receivite ft on
boar The Ganker in which ts Was stowed
Was actessiide on three siays at all titirs,
ani the fourth site at vhia lite on a~
count of fenikers 1 4 and It ¢ being « aD pty.
This bunker, A i had \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]hewn instevred
Nuat dey tr the cogineer ¢Moer on ty.

The tire alarms in the bunkers Worse &
working oa aud there had never been
a@ cane of <pontancous combustion of ¢
on boand the Maine. - --

Atier Ballers Only in Coc
The two after boilers of the ship were fa

----

freiti Tir doef

Ket we pe dt

PROFILE VIEW.

{

am! explosion wags, in the opinion of the
vonrt, chuaed by the partial exposition of
iweouur tnare of (he forward magazines of
the Micine,

Condition of the Wreek.

4. dim evidence beartng-on this, being
princymhy olittainm! from viyers, did tot
erueble the epurt to fortn ep detinite ¢on-
cioaton te to the condition of the wreck,

[altho it was extsblistind thet the efter

part uf the ship was practically intact,

ard sunk 4
my
Ward poutt,

Vhs follauwing facts In régand to the Tor-
Warl wirt of the ship are, however, e9-
tabuishwl br the testimeny:

Or THE

ps nen woe

ee Cheers

zu
he port. pha pti dee
Wir Pte deer Became ai

Riedy owe ta
St of the

ef an Lops

wr t webs)
: etter fier
Peta Heer

etait the aoiset,
Pep of tear
Torward Magagines of the

Vlatex Foreed vp.
4 At free Hie! ster Ribot the ebip,
17) ar spe IS feet From es aie
otith: hand soy feet above the Reel
he Hortial positien, haw been
rea Mg set as ta fe gw alout four toes
thet surfaces of the water, Dierefore
Stout Mfect above where tr Won) hi hak
tle Shite Sank) tate tured, Wp: autsiée hot-
Tem pling fe bent Mtoe a revetsel ¥
shape, the atror ein of whbol, Abou a5
fect tnd aml St feet in kneth (nim
frante dy te Crane £3). is doubled heck pen
Sisalf realest rhe eaninuation of the same
Waliic -xtendine forwerd,

Af fram the wertwal keet i= braken tn
twee. att eat Kee best inte on ante
be gael forte BY tio ortetds
This tire ake as row whoar
whow he surfaiy ofthe water, and
) fet Adare $s normal gestion,

Caaxrd by « Mine,

Th thw opdiiion of the eourt, thie offees
Contd Have tern pried only Ly the es
Tlostent of Wo psie Bites! alm toe Vets
Bara of the shit at ate frat hs
NOTOW AL OTF he pert <1 atl she
frabks that gh
NOMFEsi ot nate f,

f¥ Of thet stirs eae tes
: tPVectad

7 In the epinton of the court the By
Weis fentroyedd br the eapbedon of a Sah.
weiPioe tte. whieth paused the partial ow
Testes of twee oer mere of ther Porwar?
Ween eins ~

Struetion of the Miahre vist urs person ar
yoursems,
W. TF. SAMPSaN,
Captain. LS NL President.
-+. MARIN,

Lfeutenant Communior, 1. 3 ON. Judge
Advocate.

The Findiege Approved,

The court, havine Mnieheal the troptivry it
Was onten«t to make, a tenrned ott a ne:
fe awalkt the action of the VOuUveR ine au
therity.

W. TUSAMPeon,
Captain, CSN. Mrestdont.
A. MARIN,

Litutecant Commanter, U.S. N., Judge
Advocate.

U. 8S. Flagship New York. March 2% 1%,
Off Key Weet, Fla--The pmecetings and
firelings of the eoure of inguiry is the abore
e230 ufe approved,

A. SICARD,

a ae in Chief of the
if Naval Force on the North Atlantic
Station.

That conWtinn a very feve ;
nics after the déstruction of the for- }

'
t

i

MAINE.

|

=a a Sie

deneribed with close detail the condition
under the main deck on the port side, The
fixtures were completely wrecked, while
Sxtares i the same pPHsltion on the star-
board side were In solee cases almost In-
tact, The port bulkiinad between the main
and Gerth decks at the conning towor sip
port tal been blown aft ay both sides, but
a great seal more on the port than en the
Starhoard side. The fireroom hatch fmme-
dsatety abatt of the conning tower had been
tiown in three directions--alt, to star-
board and to port. The protective deck
under the conning tower supports Was bent
in te directions, the pilates on the star-
board sklo being bent up and on the lac
Gourd side Dent down.

Gy TO al tequirs as ta whether
th wtorence tu thetr ortgiaal
ite Trowe } atiirima-
beam 4u the pro-

wills toy te Rturbyard of the mil-
Bbip iine, Just forward of the conning
Paver, Orderceath Ue deck. twa bepmat

met at tight angos; one beam was broken
ay puestaet from pert to starkoarnk A
yuna was fouml on the poop awning
Just furwatd of the after searchitcht.
A pieve of the sile plating Just abaft
ofthe starboanl turret waa visible, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]This
phi Was bept outwurd and ther the for-
wit em) bint upward and folded back-
manlupon eet, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]This plate was sheared
from the rest of the atin: below the
water line, This plating below the water
line baa been pushed out to sturboard.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]*
The armored gratings of the engine room
hnteh were blown off A composition
strainer was plckcd up from the bottem
on thy starboan! quarter af a point about
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote] rite the poop capstan and abour
fet from it. The ehlef engineer thought
the strainer was from the firemen's wash-
room. It was not ® strainer In the ship's
shle,
Near the piece of ontside plating to
Which witness referred above he said there
Write pieces af red shellaced planks. On
tise planks Was Solted a compost st
TfacK iwi inches wide andag inch thick
3 Botecison then asked if the court
oy ian to say anpibing about what
ers Peported or just what he saw.

eAoTisa Whiek micht lead the court to
\[OpenCurlyQuote]raw some conclusion as to the canse,

State the divers name. Wh fore desing so
the Saves Bbocale athe Witness to star
Wo the f-reom sal afier part of the sip
Wrte th tre. fnsinn Powelson reydind
yt We Carns te: eeu judee chey were
het. The ed where the explosion or
eure semod to he pushed fram port
te <sart ifrom dive t) ton degrees, he
> - WHR She apex to the <tar-
divers myported to witness that
where ihe ten-loch she!) racm
stronhi he thegoditesyersd ter-mme) theiis
tiularty arranged, tut the ship had sunk

Hoga so much that some of the shells were | i8tY the cranks

fm the rut.

Guener Morgan reported that in walking
om the bottant he fell Into a kole on the
port ship and wert downs tm the mud. Ite
alay Mporte! that as fer ae he cucit iadge
everriting seemed to te tent uprand In
ihe vicinity uf this hoje. He ateu feported
That the plites seuned to have been pushed

Kosian Muwelson then ead that * ¥ix-
tnoh promder turk th
heen empty tank
ae i was h

ken by the oxnt:
tadiy

Tank wae fadiy ture:

ecivalio <hara
Continuins, the witness raid +t

up to tie wight hefore ke was aes ane

Stand Mel not been on the Gulelde of the

S533 The mit was too deep for them to

walk on the bottom,

ey el
? .

dened aad merely
rippeal the tereth cf the <vom A tenetoh de:

etd out of ang con. | DPE

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]What % the condition of the miarbhonst

turret ?' witness was asked.
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]fo my knowledge it has not bech
wir,\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] wae the reply, :

Impreeions of Kaetie Poweinaw.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Whar impreseten is produced pos your
mind by the reports, as fer os you have
quoted them?\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] Ensign Powelson wae asked.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]From reports alone of from the eppear~

conning tower.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

Witness in repiy to further queationa said
his opinion was based upon the oteervalion
of things above

|

Scale 1-82 inch to one fog}

the protected deck was covered with a
Kreasy deposit, the starboard side belug
comparatively free fpom it

The forward smoke pipe, between the
main acd superstructure decks, did not
show ¢i<:5 of the Internal pressure of
gwaars, Uh the main deck forward of the
conning tower where the fore and after
angle bulb beam wae located the planking
was blown off on the only remaining plato
of the main deck on the port side while the
Wool was still attached to that part on the
starboard side between the conning tower
base and the turrets. What witness saw
would indicate that the pressure lifted the
protective deck up on the port side, and
the preteoctive deck on the starboard side

Boale 8-52 tuch te one Moot.

held fast and bent that deck downward.
Wifness tere exhibited two sketches to the
court showing diagram ef various parts of
the sunken hip and ¢xpiained them te the
conrt.

Ths witness's evidence about the atrip
on the starboard side of the outside plar-
fs Of the «pip which was folded and
rolled back, wae recalicd to him, and Pow-
thon sak he could sce place underneath it
was bent outward, as he could see ft, as it
Was only two feet under water where the
shear occurred.

Witness bad taken soundings and had
found flve fathoms of water on both sides
of the Maine down to the mud> Taking »
H-pound lead line and dragging with a
wherry for obstructions on the port side,
dragging clone to where be thought the wa-
ter Wass world be found, he found no ob-
structions whatever. On whe starboard side
he found obstrietions for 20 feet where he
had reason to believe the waterways had
originally teen.

In answer to questions he said there was
nothing \[OpenCurlyQuote]eft of Lhe port plating at all. He
Uragecd alov¢e the outside to see if anything
had Yallen vt and found nething, Wit
ness thought the ship on the port side waa
futirely fone opposite u polnt indicared on
a tingram handed the court. It was en-
tirely blow pitt.

This conciuded Ensign Powelson\[CloseCurlyQuote]s tes
timony on tie third dey.

A Diver's Stery.
Chief Gunner's Mate Oisen, of the United
States steamer lowa, told how he had been
gent to Havarke for the purpose of doing

hike wivecate repited that he wouta | Giving dhity on the wreck. He had descend-
ike to have him state any important dts- | 4 four times, maiing adour eighy or nine

hours of tatal exemination.
Olsen told tow on bis first descent he

atu if @ diver wave stich Infurmation to | B&St over the forward part of the ship.

Te use his oWn expression, he said: \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]KE
found the Wreck al biowed up. I found a
lot of grate bars dow) there." \[OpenCurlyQuote]Fhe second

{time he went down further forward and

there located 3 lot of ten-inch shelja, For-
Burl uf these the plates were bent inboard
over them,

Aste if be imagined himself locking for-
Want he #tared that he did. Going over the
piles he struck into a lot Of siz-ineh shells
Wik Fhe #loccs on them. Gomegto tha right
Wittess s:uted fe fourd a lot of wreckage.
Et sceined tv hate been blown over the star-
bourd. Olen sated. wae he put his hand
an ugh \[OpenCurlyQuote]
Sik-pourder sariia, i So

The ceAt time he went down, Olwen teati-
fled he went ouimide the ship, forward of
the crane on the post side. He fallawed the
bottom: alonz and found that the ship's

along the

side was Mown ontboard and
eran it could be walked an.
Att

! niet ty,
Ont to the starboard and then bent dows j Plates are turned up,

he putt whore she ix blown up com-
Mithesa said, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]part of her bottom
en yor follow

ertom trom there up, and the plates are

; Mews ontinard t
j Me 0 wird. At the top and underneat
t he sar appeared to { the bottom they are town inboard oan

bent in.
Fypret

balk

- About three fect forward of that
here is a piece of iron laid along the
ad. The skin of the inside of the
bottoms fs suricd! tke g sheet of pa-
F imtcard from stem fo stern,

A sidships on the esme place there isan
artic\[CloseCurlyQuote] plate, one plate complete, the of
the platy standing up. The plate Is ine! neg
Over the starboard completely. et stands
bp with tne thick part of the pints down,
eect forward, anG ever tp stam

;

vs