[ A ey ae --< =

/ )
STARK, SANDRA
IL. ST. ,HIST. LIB., OLD STATE \ ,

SPRINGFIELD,

Vol. 98 -- No. 40, Findlay, Illinois 62534 Phone 7

ri? ti a et oe ; he = aie 1 fl ae, ye a

A was presented at Findlay High School Monday night by Trooper Wayne McCoy of the Illinois
State Police Department of Law Enforcement, public information. The main topic of his presentation was
communication between parents and children and teachers and children and the reverse. He said the most
important thing to remember was asking and answering questions of each other. He also pointed out that
alcohol is the number one drug problem in this country. He also discussed marijuana and cocaine. Ap-
proximately 40 persons attended the presentation which was sponsored by the Findlay Lion's Club.

Thurber resignation requested
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]a R. Cruit was competently handling board $7,000.

meeting of the Findlay Village Board Eberspacher to be fired as the village ground expenses. Mrs. Briney said
to address several additional attorney because of the thres yore that when she realized this was a

and tax increase, certificates of of taxes collected. They were also when a referendum has been held --
deposit and the police car. unhappy that after an agreement was she tried to get the levy removed, but
In the course of the discussion, they struck between the village Campbell told her it was too late.

asked for the resignation of village (represented by Thurber and That amount was not on the next
the Eberspacher) and County Clerk tax levy.

dismissal of village attorney Chris Dwight Campbell, the information The tax protestors also requested

Eberspacher. was not made public. the need for $200 for civil defense.

That amount would be banked until it

job applications to fill the Thurber explained, because after the ciently to purchase

position held by utility employee agreement was reached the levy was eee \[OpenCurlyQuote]

purchased. They

necessary. However, all of the in. Wondered why bids were not

reconsidered and asked for his old job formation about the agreement was "equested on op pty Mrs.

published Enterprise Briney explained board was

ne atter the under an emergency situation

jn Decause the former police car was
inoperable.

i
!
:

|
q
5
e
E
:

protestors

were concerned about any CD\[CloseCurlyQuote]s in the

specia] Seneral fund, but that fund has only

offered to call a special °¢ small amount, $2,500 currently
Eber-

next
confronted could answer charges and Other funds, gas, sewer and water

approximately 25 to 30 people about a ahs _-- certificates of deposit.
ycraft wouldn\[CloseCurlyQuote]tbe However, some of these are

protestors were Pat Rodman, Donna necessary. The tax protestors felt necessary because of bonding
Wildman and Juanita Haycraft. that he could answer questions at the requirements and others are

[
g
f
:
F
3
:
S

asked them to restate their position save the village ex- For example, the board discussed
on asking for Thurber\[CloseCurlyQuote]s resignation pense of having Eberspacher attend a either repairing or purchasing a new
and Eberspacher\[CloseCurlyQuote]s firing. When special meeting. pump for one of the wells. Water
asked why they wanted Thurber to OTHER QUESTIONS about the tax commissioner Dwight Riley ex-
resign, Mrs. Wildman said, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]because levy centered around the large plained that this could cost from
we think he runs the board. amount -- $11,000 -- levied for tort $3,000 to $6,000 depending on the cost
Both Thurber and Mrs. Briney immunity, the monies levied for a of repairs or the cost of purchasing a
hotly objected to that statement. Mrs. playground fund and civildefense. | new pump.

Briney said that she called on The village had insurance policies There is currently a certificate of
Thurber for assistance more than with Country Companies, and at the deposit for $24,000 for the water fund
other board members because his invitation of insurance commissioner which will help defray these ex-
employer gives him more time off to George Carter, agent Eldon Gourley penses.

work on village business. attended the meeting to list the dif- _ The protestors agreed that CD\[CloseCurlyQuote]s in
on Os teend Oe ee ferent policies and their cost to the the utility funds were needed to cover
he ran the board, that Mrs. \[OpenCurlyQuote]Village. These totaled approximately the cost of repairs and maintenance

IL 62726

1 sway, vetober 26, 1984 8 Pages \[CloseCurlyQuote]

School rennovation

bids due by Nov. 1

Nov. 13 is the return date for bids on
the renovation and life safety work on
the Findlay school buildings, the
Findlay School Board learned Oct. 17.

The architect explained this will
help the district get more competitive
bids for the project. They will add all
the contracts for the various phases
of the project together to see if they
are higher or lower than one general
contractor,

completion
will include a five percent retainage
fee. The architect will also hold an on
site pre-construction meeting with all
the contractors involved in the
building project.

Also in the specifications is the
Clause that the district has the right
to cancel contracts with seven days
notice. The district will contact the
contractor\[CloseCurlyQuote]s bonding company and
obtain a new contractor. The ar-
chitect said that every contractor
going into the project must know they
have to pace.

All the life safety work bid is in the
general contractor, but some will be
done by school employees. Electrical,
plumbing and related work will be in
separate contracts.

At the grade school, the architect
explained, the contractors will bid for
mechanical and electrical work,
emergency gas shut off, heat sensors
over the boiler, extinguisher in the
kitchen, a warning system for tor-
nadoes and a few other items.

process
the architect\[CloseCurlyQuote] said that any local
people interested in bidding on dif-
ferent phases of the project should
call general contractors. H.A.G. will
not entertain discussions with sub-

-- CO

Also bid and ordered were a
heater ($1,025 installed)
complete project

a8
a#

EGE ZE 222 27
high te
frees ¢
HH

z
=
§
e
7
5
2.

was granted use of the high school
cafeteria for a drug and alcohol abuse
program Monday, Oct. 22.

McCoy of the Illinois State Police will
give the program.

The Findlay Baptist Church was
given permission to use the high
school gym at 7 p.m. Saturday, Nov.
3. The church will be sponsoring a
gospel concert on that date.

The first junior high basketball
game will be held Nov. 1 with Wind-
sor.

Time changes
Saturday night

Memories of summer will grow
even dimmer on Sunday, the day
Central Standard Time returns.
Before retiring Saturday night,
October 27, clocks should be
turned back one hour.