Friday, October 26, 1984

Trick-or-treaters will be out
in force Wednesday evening

VOTE nuMaER 119 AND RE-ELECT
CHARLES R. "BOB"HAYDEN
Democratic Candidate For

THE

FINDLAY ENTERPRISE --FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Work is progressing

Page 5

Low..*terest

wC home loan
at Community enter lottery set
have been purchased for the ceiling Citicorp Savings of Illinois will hold
and work has almost been completed a lottery drawing on Nov. 7 \[OpenCurlyQuote]to
on installing the bathrooms. approximately $3.5 million
Someone is needed to help finish dollars in funds from an Illinois
wiring the kitchen area by hooking it Housing Development Authority
up to the main box. mortgage lending program allocated
As soon as the kitchen floor is downstate borrowers.
poured, the kitchen cabinets will be Richard Linyard, Citicorp\[CloseCurlyQuote]s senior
installed. These cabinets were vice president lending, explained the
donated by the Melvin Yantis estate. money bécame available from the
As a fund raising project, the IHDA 1983 Series B Mortgage
community center. board and Program when various housing
volunteers will be making pies projects that the money had been
Saturday, Nov. 17. The board would earmarked for were cancelled.
appreciate orders for pies and The program, which is limited to
b. ! S pence ben GE bed nchoe ee. ee ae ee
complete ceiling. If anyone proceeds year, fixed-rate mortgages
aie m aan en interested in making a contribution to project will be used to pay for winter terest rates of 10.7 percent -- more
trip purchase a tile or several tiles, they bills. than three percentage points below
, ; can send their contributions to the \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]A lot of time and money is being the fixed rates being offered in the
Youth enjoy trip Community Center in care of David spent this building ready for Chicago area.
Brooks or Curtis Eaker, president of the to use, and we would ap- Maximum allowable purchase
Twenty four members of the First the preciate your " Rev. price on existing homes range from
Christian Church high school youth Rev. Eaker reports that the lights Eaker said. $59,400 on single family residences to
group and sponsors enjoyed a trip to ' $94,140 on four-unit structures.
Six Flags in St. Louis, Mo. Saturday, : . : To qualify for a mortgage, a
Oct. 13. The trip was a success Findlians in the news borrower's gross
despite the fact that it rained all day. cannot exceed $50,200 a year, have a
The youth group had breakfast at Mary Peters and Angie of Sunday evening. singed contract, make a
McDonald's in Vandalia after leaving Assumption on the Dave Jim and Julie Yantis and Bob and down payment of at least 5 percent
Findlay at 6 a.m. Thurber family y. of Decatur saw the and must plan to live in the dwelling
Members taking the trip were Danny and Kathy Owens and Tracy St. Louis Blues-New Jersey Devils can register for the Nov
Mark Lee, Norman Willer, Rob of Assumption were Friday evening hockey game in St. Louis Saturday. 8 drawing at nine branch
Cutler, Brenda Yantis, Greg Grant, callers at the home of the David Ron and Brenda McClain and beginning Oct. 23 through Nov. 6. The
Brad Francisco, Tim Rodman, Kevin Thurberfamily. Gerry and Teresa Boehm went to nearest registration office is in
Rhoades, Wes Halleck, Richard Dick and Donna Inyart and Lori of Brooks for supper Saturday night and Champaign. No phone or mail-in
Weakley, Travis Wildman, Dana Oreana celebrated Loris birthday at then visited with Donna and Jerry registrations can be accepted and
Miller, Kelly Wooters, Shelley the home of her grandmother Bessie Johnson and Nancy and Don Pinkston only one application per sales con-
Wooters, Jamie Scott, Joey Cum- Waymire Sunday. later in the evening. tract is permitted. For further in-
Bill and Laurie Hubbartt. on Mrs. Martha Sieh of Hammond in the ENTERPRISE (312) Trane. 1

To The Voters of Shelby County

Elect Qualified Candidates

*Quoalified with 31 years experience in
management, serving 12 years as your
Shelby County Circuit Clerk.

*Sparks College Graduate.

*Active in Church, Civic, and Community
Activities.

| and my staff sincerely pledge to give to
the office of Circuit Clerk the continued
dedication, dignity, honesty, and
efficient service it deserves. | will
sincerely appreciate your vote and
support Tuesday November 6, 1984.

CIRCUIT CLERK SHELBY COUNTY

ems

) kad

Al
MICHAEL P. KILEY

Shelby County

State's Attorney
Democratic Candidate
Punch No. 124

on Your Ballot

FAMILY: married, wife Ann Bitzer Kiley, two sons, Jock, age 5;
Den, age 3.

EDUCA : University of lilinois, John Marshall Law School
EXPERMNCE: odmitied to proctice in ilinete 177

private practice, Shelbyville, iilinols since 1977

Shelby County Assistant Stote's Attorney - 1977 to 1980

Special Prosecutor - Shelby, Christian and Montgomery Counties
by Judicial Appointment.

Special Assistant Attorney General for Counties of Shelby and
Macon

Admitted to practice before United States Federal District
ACTIVITIES: Rotary Club (past board of directors)

Moose Lodge
Chamber of Commerece (past president and board

Shelby County Ber Association (pest president)

*| have been your
Supervisor of Assessments

for almost 12 years.

*| have the experience and
qualifications to continue
to serve you in this
important office of County
Government.

*| need your vote and
support.

°1971 Graduate of Millikin University in

Decatur, Ill.

°1972 Graduate of Indiana College of

Mortuary Science
*Licensed Funeral

Sons Funeral Directors for }

*Shelby County Deputy Coroner for 8

years (1976-1984).

Shelby County Democratic Candidates Will Appreciate

Your Vote And !

»port OnT

sy, November 6.

Director
Embalmer. Associated with Lockart &

LINDA COOK
Democratic Candidate For

Supervisor Of Assessments
Punch No. 138 On Your Ballot

and

2 years.

BRIAN R. GREEN
Candidate For
Shelby Co. Coroner
Punch No. 130 On Your Ballot