Page 10

Homemaker news

Shelby County Homemakers will be
joining Homemakers\[CloseCurlyQuote] Extension
Associations (HEA) units across the
State of Illinois in observing Illinois
Homemakers Extension Federation
(IHEF) Week February 20-26 according
to Rita Mathias, HEA Week Chairman.

Each unit is planning a special event
for their part of the week. In addition the
county is sponsoring a week of activities.

An organizational meeting to start a
couples group will be held Monday, Feb.
21, 7 p.m. at the 4-H Center in Shelbyville
Couples are to contact the Extension
Office at 774-4812 if they plan to attend.

Shelby County HEA will sponsor a
craft workshop for 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers on Tuesday,
Feb. 22, at 6:30 p.m. at the 4-H Center.
Workshops include counted cross stitch,
place mats, watercolor, drawing and
macrame. Reservations can be made by
calling the Extension Office.

A CPR training school will be held on
Tuesday, Feb. 22 and Wednesday, Feb.
23 from 5:30 to 9:30 p.m. at the Shelby
Electric Coop Building. Preregistration
is required as there are only a few spaces
left. Participants will attend both
ev

enings. |

. Wednesday, Feb. 23, is Food and
Fitness Day. The morning will
feature how food and fitness fit together
beginning with registration at 9:30 a.m.
and the program at 10 a.m. at the 4-H
Center. A luncheon at a cost of $1 will
follow the program. The afternoon will
include stretching exercises led by
Muriel Merriman and entertainment by
the units. There will be skits, readings,
mousercize and more. Comfort is a must
for the day so wear your jogging outfit or
slacks. Theme for the day is \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Making
Light of Our Troubles.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

Free babysitting services will be
provided for preschool children on
Wednesday. Mothers are asked to bring a
sack lunch for their child(ren). Drink
will be provided. Babysitting will be in
the small meeting room of the +H
Center.

If mothers plan to bring their
child(ren), contact the Extension Office.

Friday will feature a log cabin quilt
block pillow workshop taught by Hazel
Bennett and assisted by Frances Price.
The workshop will begin at 9:30 a.m. at
the 4-H Center. Participants are to bring
their own fabric and supplies. For a list
of what to bring, contact the office.

Homemakers will have items on display
in the Creative Arts Exhibit. One item in
each category will be selected to
represent the county at the State IHEF
Annual Conference March 29-31 in Ur-
bana.

Shelby County HEA invited the public
to participate in the workshops offered.
HEA is an educational organization that
seeks to promote the well-being of the
ported by the University of Illinois
Cooperative Extension Service.

Its programs focus on improving the

ability of homemakers to create a

positive home and family environment
for both adults and children and he
them make decisions in financial

planning, food buying and preparation,
clothing care and constuction, purchase
and care of foods used in the \[OpenCurlyQuote]home,
parenting skills and health.

Shelby County Homemakers Extension
Assn. is under the leadership of Suzanne
Shaw who presently serves as president
of the organization.

CRAFTS WORKSHOP

4H Crafts W will be held
Tuesday, Feb. 22 at 7:30 p.m. at the 4-H
Center. This is sponsored by the Shelby
County Homemakers Extension
Association.

4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers will be able to select one of the
following workshops: counted cross
stitch, place mats, water color, drawing
and macrame. All 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are asked to
call the Extension Office to sign up for
one workshop. There is limited space in
each workshop, so be sure to call soon to
get signed up. Be sure to check the list
below to see what materials you need to
bring and what will be furnished.
Counted Cross Stitch -- materials you
need to bring: scissors, embroidery hoop
(prefer 5-inch or smaller), pencil (not
pen). Green and white
thread, counted cross-stitch fabric and
needle will be available to purchase for
not more than $1.50. A pattern will be
available free. (Pattern is a 4-H emblem
4-leaf clover).
Water Color -- is a transparent or semi-

t painting medium. Water-

color differs from oil paints in that the
color or pigment is combined with a
water-soluble gum rather than an oil
base medium. Water colors are handy to
pack in a case to carry along on trips or
outings. Their use requires only a few
inexpensive materials (paper, brushes
and water), and are easily cleaned up. In
this course they will teach you to plan
your watercolor painting and to develop
an ability to use the watercolor materials
effectively. The materials will be fur-
nished at a low cost.
Drawing -- drawing is the most basic,

/

expression. It is a skill which must be
developed before an individual can
create really successful art work in more
complicated mediums, such as oil
painting or sculpture. In this course they
will introduce the basic materials, skills
and techniques which, with practice, will
help you to develop and improve your
drawing ability. The materials will be
furnished at a low cost.

Place Mats -- for fringe-edged mat:
Bring one 18x13\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] piece of fabric (must be
very loosely woven), straight pins,
thread, scissors, tape measure, needle.
For rolled edge place mat: Bring one
18x13\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] piece of loosely woven fabric,
straight pins, thread, scissors and tape
measure.

Macrame -- a versatile wall hanging
that can be used in several ways. You
could hang small items on it (such as
Christmas ornaments, barrettes,
bathroom soaps wrapped in nylons,
candy canes, potpourri balls, etc.). Set of
photos or small pictures can be used in
the three openings. Cost will be $2.

PERSONALS

Tom and Vera Reynolds ate Sunday
dinner with Marie Williams of Lovington.
On Sunday afternoon Tom attended a
meeting of the Lake Shelbyville Ministry
at the Lovington Methodist Church.

Irma Waddell and Sharon and Evelyn
Cruit visited Sunday afternoon with
Mrs. Adeline Taylor and Mrs. Naomi
Wicker.

Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Mathias of
Kenny and Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Mathias

spent Sunday with Mrs. Cecile Mathias of

a :

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

a e.

ble

hr

Scra

Photo by Pauline Briney
Findlay Redbirds scramble for the ball Wednesday night in a tough contest
against Bethany. The Redbirds came out at the losing end in both the fifth and
sixth grade contests, but the sixth grade team lost a squeaker -- by only two

points.

Redbirds drop pair

The Findlay Grade School Redbirds
lost a pair to grade school squads from
Bethany Wednesday evening.

The sixth grade match up was close,
with Bethany coming out on top by only
two points. The score was Bethany 30,
Findlay 28. \[CloseCurlyQuote]

Scoring for the sixth grade was
Coleman with four points; Tippit with six
points; Wildman with two points; Sad-

doris with five points; and Uphoff with
eleven points.

In the fifth grade contest, Bethany won
the game by a score of 26-18.

Scoring for the fifth grade Redbirds
were Cloyd with two points; Beem with
two points; Halleck with two points;
Knierim with seven points; Brown with
two points; Chance with two points; and
Knierim with one point.

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
ON ROAD DISTRICT BUDGET

Notice is hereby given that a Tentative
Budget and Appropriation Ordinance for
Road Purposes of the Road District Of
Todds Point, in the County of Shelby,
State of Illnois, for the fiscal year begin-
ning April 1, 1983, and ending March 31,
1964, will be on file and conveniently
available to public inspection at Clerk\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
Office from and after 10 o\[CloseCurlyQuote]clock A.M.,
26th day, February, 1983.

Notice is further given hereby that a
public hearing on said Budget and Ap-
propriation Ordinance will be held at 7
o'clock P.M., Tuesday 29th day, March,
1983, at 303 N. Park St. in this Road
District Of Todds Point and that final
hearing and action on this ordinance will
be taken at a meeting to be held at
Township Building, 303 N. Park at 8
oo P.M., Tuesday 29th day, March,
1983.

Claude Harbert, Clerk
Published ENTERPRISE 2/18/83.

a . .
--_--__---

NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
ON ROAD DISTRICT BUDGET

Notice is hereby given that a Tentative
Budget and Appropriation Ordinance for
Road Purposes of the Road District of
Okaw, in the County of Shelby, Stateof
Illinois, for the fiscal year beginning
April 1, 1983, and ending March 31, 1984,
will be on file and conveniently available
to public inspection at the office of the
Town Clerk, 410 East South Second
Street, Findlay, Illinois from and after 1
o'clock P.M., 18th day, February, 1983.

Notice is further given hereby that a
public hearing on said Budget and Ap-
propriation Ordinance will be held at 7
o'clock P.M., 29th day, March, 1983, at
The office of the Town Clerk, 410 East
South Second Street, Findlay, Illinois, in
this Road District of Okaw and that final
hearing and action on this ordinance will
be taken at a meeting to be held at the of-
fice of the Town Clerk, 410 East South
Second Street, Findlay, Illinois at 7:30
o'clock P.M., 29th day, March, 1983.

| George R. Dixon, Clerk

Published ENTERPRISE 2/18/83.

Ce. Ts etectizrezg -