THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE -- FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 ~~

ri

Het

ee
EBs

ae

iH
i
Ps

ut

:
;
i
5
:
Ff

cooking them next winter. -
Recent research at Cornell

University has shown that cooking

vegetables in the microwave oven

throughout
very good at this time. The corn was
also planted on ridges on April 17.

Fish Shocking Demonstration

A demonstration on fish shcoking is
always of high interest for those
people interested in pond
management and

servation Service and Agriculture
Extension Council have planned a
farm pond demonstration for Wed-
nesday, Aug. 29. The demonstration
will be held on the Ron Hatfield farm
in Rose Township at 4 p.m. The
Hatfield farm is located three miles

sessions each time period.
The program will start at 1:15 and
adjourn at 4 p.m.

P --o e
coal by (ASE i

Photo by Pauline Briney
The food was delicious Monday afternoon at a cookout held at the farm
of Buck Howell. The event was sponsored by a seed corn company.

saves 50 percent more vitamin C than
conventional cooking methods. = a
Vitamin C is one of the most sensitive Public Notices
See
Cull rn Stade. iw cre tar tos scnoets
Statewide Telenet Section 4, SPECIAL EDUCATION IS AN INTEGRAL Principal. Please call or write ity Unit School District Mo. 2 lp pal
; \[CloseCurlyQuote] information Community . 2 today announced their policy for Free or Reduced
The University of Ilinois will offer PART OF TOTAL SCHOOL PROGRAM. dish tod S peat wold eat ae be Pisa cas tr ben wuts py ta Wel pha ch ferns cds te sleet tote

Rural tab
Analysis for Community Action (R.
Soc, 487); Issues and
in on oo Technical
: Principles of Supervision
od ea Settings Ve T
0. Tec.
398-3); and and
Development in Vocational,

=

;

E

:
atrt
11h

5

CV as wil be taught by John

The education of exceptional children is on
integral part of our total school program, ond
several special education programs are available.
Becouse of the uniqueness of the exceptional
child's need, it is necessary for us to have help

from outside our district. The Eastern illinois ;

Area of Special Education offers us this help.

The Findley Community Unit No. 2 School j

formation as well as family information.

All information obtained for a case study
evaluation is highly confidential and will be
treated in a like manner. The district maintains o

programs and services to exceptional children:

Some of our students ottend these classes in
our district, and some attend classes at Arm-
strong Center in Mattoon.

We ore o member of the Eastern illinois Areo

still not satisfied, the district supérintendent will
explain the due process procedures which stort
when the porent writes o letter to the

RULES. AND REGULATIONS TO GOVERN THE

All exceptional children ages 3-21 have a right

in Hllinois to @ free public appropriate education

NENA SEL LP ALDI EES,
To announce your engagement in the ENTERPRISE Just Call 728-7381 or 756-8551

ond School Breakfast Programs for Findlay Grade Schools and Findlay Junior-Senior High Schools.
Local school officials have adopted the following fomily size and income criteria for determining

\[OpenCurlyQuote]
FARALY WOCOME FAMULY
FREE MAEALS REDUCED PRICE MEALS
OR FREE MILK
duly |, 1904-deme 30, 1985 duly |, 1904 - ome 98, 1905
$ 6,474 $ 9.213
8,736 12,432
10,998 15,65)
13,260 18,870
15,522 . 22,089
17,784 25,308
28,527
31,746
3,219

FAMILY
SIE

enc ws wh --

Bach Add-
itional Family Member

Children from families whose income is at or below the levels shown ore eligible for Free Meals
or Reduced Price Meols.

Application forma are being sent to all homes in a letter to parents. To apply for free or reduced
price meals, households should fill out the application and return it to the school. Additional copies
are available at the principal\[CloseCurlyQuote]s office in each school. Applications may be submitted at any time
during the year. To discourage the possibility of misrepresentation, the application forms contain a
statement above the space for signature certifying that all information furnished in the application is

prosecution under applicable State and Federal statutes. An application cannot be processed which
does not contain the following information: 1) the total household income - must be listed by the
amount received by each house-hold member receiving income and the type of income (such as
wages, child support, etc.) OR your food stamp case number if your household is on food stamps, 2)
names of all household members, 3) social security numbers of all household member 21 years old or
older or the word \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]NONE\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] for any household member who does not have a social security number,
and 4) the signature of an adult household member. Household\[CloseCurlyQuote] is defined os a group of related or
non-related individuals, who are not residents of on institution or boarding house, who are living
together as one economic unit.

If a family member becomes unemployed or if family size changes, the fomily should contact the
school to file a new application. If your child is approved for meal benefits, you must notify the
school when your household income increases by more than $50 per month ($600 per year) or when
your household size decreases.

In certoin coses foster children are also eligible for these benefits. If 0 fomily has foster children
living with them and wishes to apply for free or reduced price meals for them, the fomily should
contact the school.

The information provided by the household is confidential and will be used only for purposes of

All children ore treated the same regardless of ability to pay. In the operation of child nutrition
programs, no child will be descriminated agginst becouse of his/her race, sex, color, national origin,
age, or handicap. If any member of a household believes they have been discriminated ogainst, they
should write immediately to the Secretary of Agriculture, Washington, D.C. 20250.

Under the provisions of the policy, the Assistant Superintendent in Findlay will review ap-
plications and determine eligibility. fo parent is dissatisfied with the ruling of the official, he/she
may wish to discuss the decision with the determining official on an informal basis. If he/she wishes
to make a formal appeal, he/she may make o request either orally or in writing to Ron Hash, P.O. Box
357, Findlay, It 62534 - (217) 756-8522 for « hearing to appeol the decision. The policy contains on
ovtline of the hearing

Eoch school and the office of the Superintendent has 0 copy of the complete policy, which may be
reviewed by any interested party.

PUBLISHED 8/24/84.

' e