Page 6

Todd Coleman
competes on
Judging team

The Lake Land College Livestock
Judging Team is gearing up for national
competition, and one of the members of
the sophomore squad is Todd Coleman of
Findlay.

The sophomore team finished third
overall, and the freshman team placed
fourth overall among 11 participating
colleges in the Mid Continent Contest
held at Cambridge recently.

This contest consisted of five classes of
hogs, four classes of cattle and three
classes of sheep. Team members also
gave five sets of reasons on various
classes.

The sophomores ranked second in
cattle, third in hogs, third in sheep and
third in oral reasons. The freshmen took
fourth in cattle, third in hogs, sixth in
sheep and fourth in reasons. Black Hawk
East of Kewanee won first place with
Hawkeye Tech of Waterloo, Iowa
finishing second.

Lake Land team member Bruce
Kramer was second high individual in
the contest. A sophomore, he was high
scorer on the team, placing second in
hogs and third in reasons. Herman
Grindle, an LLC freshman, placed 10th
overall.

The Lake Land team competed in an
earlier contest, the National Barrow
Show in Austin, Minn. and placed fourth
among the 11 colleges that participated.
Brian Zindel and Randy Meyer were the
high scoring team members.

The contest consisted of six placing
Classes, two production classes and four
sets of oral reasons. Black Hawk East
took first place, and Hawkeye Tech won
second

The next competition will be the
National Contests to be held in Kansas
City, Mo. and in Louisville, Ky., in mid-
November.

In addition to Coleman, members of
the sophomore team are Ed Reedy of
Lovington, Kevin Walker of Decatur,
Raymond Elder of Blue Mound, J.W.
Day of Lovington, John Lorengen of
Chrisman, Randy Meyer of Alma, Brian
Zindel of Moweaqua, Kyle Schultz of
Cerro Gordo, Bruce Kramer of Farina,
Brad Jackson of Cerro Gordo and Ed

Dalton City.

PUBLIC SALE
North of Shelbyville, IL on Rt. 128, 15 Mi. or 71% Mi. South of

angel .

A member of the Lake Land College sophomore livestock
squad includes (first row, from left to right), Ed Reedy,
J.W. Day, Lovington; John Lorengen, Chrisman:
Randy Meyer, Alma; Brian Zindel, Moweaqua; Kyle Schultz, Cerro Gordo:

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Gordo; Ed Beck, Bainbridge, Ind. and Curt Rincker, judging team coach.

Beck of Bainbridge, Ind. Tom Reedy is
the division chairman, and Curt Rincker
is the judging team coach.

Freshmen team members include
Mark Grant of Charleston, Jeff Babbs of
Taylorville, Doug Chase of Charleston,
Herman Grindle of Marshall, Mike
Medernach of Aurora, Terry Bline of
Annapolis, David Matheny of Loogootee,
Carol Kennedy of Taylorville, Shane
Butcher of Mt. Auburn, Mark Beabout of
Charleston and Dyke Barkley of Paris.

ee. herent -- ee

PERSONALS

June Roney returned last week from a
visit with her uncle and aunt Mr. and
Mrs. Vincent Dierker of Lincoln.

Claude and Ruth Scroggins attended a
potluck dinner for senior citizens at
Smyser Church near Gays Sunday. |

Trene Smith spent a few days last week
with Mr. and Mrs. Roger Smith and

Saturday, Oct. 22 -- 12:00 Noon

ANTIQUES -- HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE -- TOOLS
Oak ice box in perfect condition; oak butter churn, perfect; stone jars; jugs;
crocks; trunk; Avon bottles; oil lamps; oak library table; 3 ladder back chairs;
fern table; copper boiler; roll top office desk, needs some repair; 2 drawer
table; porch swing; metal bed with brass caps; old buffet; chest of drawers:
Studio couch; Berkline swivel rocker; plaid living room suite, looks like new;
Electrolux and Bisse! sweeper; card table and four chairs; book case bed and
chest; formica top table; G.E. window unit air conditioner, used four times;
dehumidifier; Maytag wringer washer; lot of fruit jars; garden planter with all
plates; garden plow; garden hand tools; Westinghouse elec. oven; Toastmaster
oven; pots; pans; odds and ends of glassware; radios; tape recorders; glass
Storm windows; 2 -- G78x14 wheels and snow tires; 20\[CloseCurlyQuote] self propelled mower;
reel type mower; rocket air compresser; portable air tank and hose; several new
8x8x16 cement blocks; Coleman gas lantern; 300 gol. skid fuel tank with Gas
Boy elec. pump; Grand Touring 3 speed ladies\[CloseCurlyQuote] bike, real nice; partial list, come

see us. Two rack loads small items.

Mr. and Mrs. John H. Stewart
R.R. Bethany, Ill. Ph. 665-3188

Auctioneers

Max Tabbert
Stewardson, lil.

Ph. 644-2479

Terms: Cash Day of Sele

4-H news

Student Guest Day at
University of Illinois

You are invited to explore the many
exciting educational and career op-
portunities available through academic
programs in the University of Illinois
College of Agriculture and School of
Human Resources and Family Studies.
The annual Student Guest Day will be
held on Saturday, Oct. 22, 1983 on the

Urbana Campus. The day
will begin at 9:30 a.m. and will conclude
at 5 p.m.

Friday, October 21, 1983

judging team, Todd Coleman, is from Findlay. The complete
Lovington; Kevin Walker, Decatur; Raymond Elder, Blue Mound:
(back row) Tom Reedy, division chairman; Todd Coleman. Findlay;
Bruce Kramer, Farina; Brad Jackson, Cerro

4-H Camp Work Day

Wouldn't it be great to be outdoors on a
cool, crisp fall day doing activities that
really help make a place beautiful?

Well, Nov. 12 is the scheduled work day
at 4-H Memorial Camp. Volunteers and 4-
H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are needed to help prune trees,
repair cabins, helping to get camp ready
for winter. If you, your parents or 4-H
club are interested in this fun and service
project contact the Shelby County Ex-
tension office by Monday, Nov. 7.

COOPERATIVES

1 oF

ips

For 66 years, the Federal Land Bank has
joined other cooperatives in building a
better America by providing farmers with
sound, constructive, long-term credit.

We take pride in being a cooperative and
take this opportunity to salute the

3040 N. \[OpenCurlyQuote]
Phone 877-3141