-- OO ------ <<
ON EE ---- ------
OO EE oO

Friday, August 26, 1983
Lake is clear

Lake Shelbyville is approximately four
and one-quarter feet above normal pool

Page 10 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Kelly Smith, Julie Livergood
participate in State Fair

Shelby County 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers had their day in
the sun at the Illinois State Fair Thur-

sday, Aug. 18 and two Findlay girls took

home a superior and an \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]A\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] rating for
projects.

ithise
ie

zd

foods demonstration. Julie
Livergood received an \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]A\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] rating for her

ject. Both girls
members of the Findlay Stitch-N-Time 4-
H Club.

for photography; Leslie Small of
Shelbyville for stitchery; Lance Glick of
Shelbyville for weaving; Gena Nohren of
Lakewood for ceramics; Sheila
Chamberlain

display; Tom Woodard of Moweaqua for
corn; Bruce Hiler of for
soybeans and Donna Kaufman of Sigel
for wheat.

Superior ratings are awarded at the
discretion of the judges to entries they
consider

outstanding.
In the \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Share The Fun\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] competition
completed Wednesday evening, the
Assumption earned an
A rating for its act entitled \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]4-H Is For
Everyone.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] Amy Bragg of Assumption
earned a superior rating for her per-
formance as emcee.
the Shelby County softball team lost 9
to 12 to Boone County in a game held

throughout
Shelby County for the recorded period,

Aug. 12 to Aug. 18. The lack of rain

followed in the wake of a week with very
scant recorded precipitation in the

Public Notice __

Julie Livergood of Findlay, an A for
macrame; Aleise McLeod of Moweaqua,
a B for home furnishings.

Also, Chris Hampton of Windsor, an A
for crop display; Tom Woodard of
Moweaqua, an A for corn; Bruce Hiler of
Assumption, an A for soybeans; Joyce
Thomas of Pana, an A for vegetables;
Rodney Davis of Shelbyville, an A for
flowers; Carl Hart of Shelbyville, an A
for vegetables; Lane Glick, an A for
wildlife skills; Brad Buzzard of
Stewardson, an A for geology.

THREE ATTEND MEETING

Driey tioned s nesting oo haces
ya a on

Township and County Government at

Lake Land College in Mattoon Wed-

nesday evening.

;
3

Stitch-N-Time members
enjoy Sullivan tour

Members of the Stitch-N-Time 4-H
Club took a tour of Sullivan Wednesday,
Aug. 17. They visited the Sullivan
Veterinary Clinic, the Sullivan Pre
School and the Sullivan Packing Plant
and had lunch at Wyman Park in
Sullivan. They later went swimming at

Several mothers that went along were
4-H leader Elaine Smith, Connie
Coventry, Gloria Livergood and Deanna
Uphoff. Also attending the tour were
Troy and Trent Uphoff, Lisa Wagner,
Ryan Livergood and Mandy Doehring.

In addition to the tour, the 4-H mem-
bers discussed their participation in the
annual Findlay Days celebration. The
club voted to have a nickel toss

booth.
They will also enter a float in the Findlay
Days parade.

Anyone in the community who would
like to donate some glassware or white
elephants for the 4-H Stitch-N-Time
nickel toss booth can contact Gloria or
Julie Livergood at 756-8274. Any con-
tribution would be appreciated by the
club members.

The Stitch-N-Time 4-H Club will meet
Saturday, Aug. 27 at the home of Julie
Livergood to go over reports which are
due at the extension office by September.
All members are encouraged to attend. A
note will be passed out this week to
members about details.

Each 4-H member is also reminded to
donate one dozen cookies for the Red
Cross bloodmobile visit Tuesday, Aug.
30. The cookies need to be taken to the
First Christian Church in Findlay by 11
a.m. or leaders Elaine Smith or Eileen
Powers should be contacted.

eee eeeeteneensneeeseestetensesssesnssssesnsnsstanteseseneeeeess

FINDLAY COMMUNITY UNIT DISTRICT

Findlay

POLICY FOR FREE MEALS
Unit District No. 2 today announced its policy for Free or

Reduced Priced Meals for children unable to pay the full price of meals served under
the National School Lunch Program for the following schools: Findlay Elementary

School and Findlay High School.
Local school officials have adopted the following family size and income criteria
for determining eligibility:
Family Income Family Income
Family
Free Meals Reduced Price Meals
Size July 1, 1983 - June 30, 1984 July 1, 1983 - June 30, 1984
l $ 6,318 $ 8,991
2 8,502 12,099
3 10,686 15,207
4 12,870 18,315
5 15,054 21,423
6 17,238 24,531
7 19,422 27,639
8 21,606 30,747
Each
Additional
Family
Member 2,184 3,108

Children from families whose income is at or below the levels shown are eligible

for Free Meals or Reduced Price Meals.

Application forms are being sent to all homes in a letter to parents. To apply for
free or reduced price meals, households should fill out the application and return it to
the school. Additional copies are available at the principal\[CloseCurlyQuote]s office in each school.
Applications may be submitted at any time during the year. To discourage the
possibility of misrepresentation, the appli forms

application
space for signature certifying that all information

contain a statement above the

furnished in the application is true

and correct. An additional statement is added to warn that the application is being
made in connection with the receipt of Federal funds, that school officials may verify

the information in the application,

and that deliberate misrepresentation of in-

formation may subject the applicant to prosecution under applicable State and
Federal statutes. The application must be complete or it cannot be processed. In
order for an application to be complete, you must provide the total household income

the names of all household

members, social

security numbers of all household

members 21 years or older or state that a household member does not have one and
the signature of an adult household member.

If a family member becomes unemployed or if family size changes, the family
should contact the school to file a new application. If your child is approved for meal
benefits, you must notify the school when your household income increases by more
than $50 per month ($600 per year) or when your household size decreases.

In certain cases foster children are also eligible for these benefits. If a family has
foster children living with them and wishes to apply for free or reduced price meals
for them, the family should contact the school.

The information provided by the household is confidential and will be used only
for purposes of determining eligibility and verifying data.

All dren are treated the same regardless of ability to pay. In the operation of

child nutrition programs, no child will be

ie ary a Agriculture, Washington, D.C., 20250.
nder isions of the policy Larry Bradford, Principal, will review ap-
plications and determine eligibility. If a parent is dissatisfied with the ruling of the

official, he or she may wish to di

determining official on an

lire oe to make a formal appeal, he or she may make a
request ei or in writing to Ron Hash, at the Findlay High School, Findla ;
Illinois. Phone 796-8522, for a hearing to appeal the decision. The policy contains ac
outline of the hearing procedure.

Each school and the office of the unit superintendent has a copy of the complete
policy, which may be reviewed by any interested party.

ee