'
5

THE OMAHA EXPOSITION |

% Promises to Bs an Artistic and
Financlal Suceess.

te the Growpleg and Densgie of dhe
Matw Rolling s¢ Waste Miser
frem All Wermer
Acktecememnin.

eee

{Special Omahs (Kew) Lower.

Your correspondent visited Omaha
for the second time to-day. His first
visit wes in 1867, when the western
terminus of the Roek Island road
landed passengers 0 little west of Des
Moines, fa. and the ofa Concord stage
was the only means of passage on to
Omaha, To be sure, the old Hannibal
& St. Joe road, in comneetion with the
siver boats between St. Joseph and
Omaha, afforded an easier means of
renthing the Mebraska metropolis.
There was then no vailroad bridge at
@maha, and the incoming passengers
had to be ferried scroes the river. \[OpenCurlyQuote]The
reat transcontinental line, the Union
Pacific, was then under construction.
Ite materint and rolling stock had te be
transported on barge» up the river.

When Presiden? Lincoln designated
\[OpenCurlyQuote]Gnonhs as the eastern terminus of the
Cnion Pacific line, he fixed the destiny
of this city. And I remember that the
people here were exultamt and comil-

now spon the river at this point and 14
railways enter tke gaten of Omaha.
When I first saw Omaha the population
was estimated at 19,000. \[OpenCurlyQuote]Today ten
times that number is claimed, while the
population of Kuhraske has grown to
@ million and a quarter.

At that time Omahs wes an cutpost
of the troutier. To-day there are 25,-
000,000 people west wf the river, Ne-
braska had been sdeitted to statehood
® few months prier to my visit and,
with the enception ef Mansas, Texas,

design of buildings, and the scheme of
entor, Lam told, are all wholly ditferent
from any former achievement. The
buildings are to be given the tint of old
ivory, the sinff wore being clored to
Produce that effect, Imposing colunms
uf long colonnades, beautiful porticos
facing the main equrt, bas-relief xeulp-
ture adorning the pediments of preat
buiidings, all wrought in staif, will eon-
tribute to the splendor of the completed
erchfizeture. Visitors going by boat
the length of the basin, from the United
States Government builling on the west
te Sherman avenne on the east, will paxs
all the main Wuildings, to-wit: On the
south tine, the Fine Arts, Liberal Arts,
Axch of States, Manufactures amd Audi-
toriam balhlings, and om the north shie
the Agriculture, Administration bulld-
ing, Mines sad Mining building, and the
Machinery and Electricity building.
The canal ix to be spanned by four
graceful bridges, one of which is to
remain after the exposition closes.

As I stood on the great viaduct? eon-
necting the two main traete of the ex-
Position, this query natdrally forced
itself upon my mind: What will this
vast display of architecture evst, and
how is {¢ possible that funds sufficient
to complete the work laid out cun he
raised ine section of conntry which but
two years ago, I was told down east,
had suffered immessurably from
drought and business depression no leas
disastrous to the west than to the east?
i Was not prepared to believe that an
exposition planned on a seale ep gi-
antic could be pushed to asuccessful
Isane under conditione which to my,
mind were fur from favorable. Beck-
ing information on this point, I was
told by one of the ebief o@iciais that the
ictal cost of construction may mot
reach sf Bim exceeding a million and a
half, and that nearly $1,000,000 is in
sight, to say nothing of the revenues
from ecweessionnires, wate receipts and
appropriations from the various states
which will participate. She people of
Ornaha alone aubseribed over half a mil-
lipe dollars to this enterprise, and Iam
told that a bankera\[CloseCurlyQuote] committee scanned
thé aubseription lint, and adjudged it
05 per cent. good. At any rate, there
han been no cessation of work for lack
of money, and = mecting of the direc-

UNXIED STATES GOVERNBENT BULLDING,

California and Oregon, all the terri-
tery west of Omaha was unorganized
as regards statehood, white to-day every
division is xepresented im conyress save
the territories of New Mexico and Ari-
zone, and so vapid has heen the devel-
% of the went that the term
= tier\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] bas become a misnomer and
the arts and Indastrice of civilization
have pushed ont to the Rockies and be-
yond.
There has bees no fit Mustration of
the marvelous progress made by the

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]states west of the Mississippi river dur-
=. ing the past 23 yesrs, True the Colum-

fiun falr wave evidence in slight mrus-

fre of western (evelopment, bit many
the states and territories were repre
sented there only by buildings for the
entertainment of visitors from the sev-
erat states, ond an inadequate repre:
Bentation of the wenlth, products, re
sources aud ¢ivilization of the vast rr
gien West of the Mississippi has yet

to be made,
IT had been told that the Trins-Mis-
sissippi Interns tional espusition, which
is hitled te open its gates at Oninhu
next) dune promises ta be eeeond only
to the World's fair, but IF must con-
fess L was somewhat skeptical on this
porat. 1 took a trolley car to the
groumds, which are about 14 miles
worth of the center of the city, but
Within the corporate limits. I found
some of the large buildings nearing
completion. They are ranged eat and
west along cither side of a barsin
nearly half a mile long and about 149
Text wide. At the west end this
basin spreads ont into a three-lobert
Jake, facing which i the United States
government building, which the econ-
tractor is rearing with all possible dis-
patch, the winter weather being faror-
able. This building, by the way, iz
t0 be 500 feet long and th: height to
Pinnacle will be 17§ feet. Ets cost is
estimated at $50.000, At the east end
of the basin there is an immense hemi-
exycle stairway leading to a viaduct
across Sherman avenue, which divides
the main tract of the exposition from
a beautiful plat of about 69 aerres,
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]wherein are being erectetl the vurivus
state buildings, the horticulture, apiary
and other buildings of lesser degree.
\[OpenCurlyQuote]Thik tract overloaks the riverand, be-
tng high and sightiy, affords s mag-
nificent view of the riverond the lowa
bluffs beyvonil. At the nerthern extremi-
ty begins the section devoted toamuse-
tents of concessionaires wna over to the
west, being north of the rectangie
where stand the large buildings, Is the
main section devoted te conressicn-
sires. Beyond this will be the railroad
terminal station and the Transperta-
tion building, the cast array of [arin im-
plements, the irrigation and sugar heet
farms, the horticultural section and the
up-to-date farm. together with athletic
felds, a racing course. fine stock stables,
e \[OpenCurlyQuote]Phere are 260 acres under fenee.

t this time, howeser, the most in-j
teresting point on the exposition |
grounds is the main tract upon wien |
the great buildings are under cousteie- |
tion. One point to o. noticml ist
cena of the designers in \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]rej
from the influence of other eNpesitics

ai

tora, held @ few days ago te conser
the Gnantial question, reported sester-
day that the last onil for fauds has
heen reaponded to most liberally. Uma-
ha a2 @ municipality will eontribute
abont $190,000, the county of which
maha te the seat voted $100,000 in
bonds, Nebraska voted $100,000, {he
United States gorernment $700,000 w
cover exhibits and building; lines,
$43,000. The fowa legisiature is now
corsideriag an appropration of equal
size, and Montana, Utah, New Mexico,
Seath Dakota, Callfornia, Louisiana,
Missouri, Minnesota and Wisconsin are
ai coming into line, while interist in |
ther states is such that there can be no

question af nnanim#ty. |

Last spring the stute department, by
\[Euro]& eelion of Presilent MeKinley, ¢x-j
tended iivitationts to fareieh weveri-
ments to partitipote in the exposition.
Not a few fasorsbie responses hive ¢
heen received, . China, Mevien, Cannedn,
Venezucht, Costa Rien as Bolivia are
ainong the fureien mations that will
wens exhibits. Articles tpportet from |
foreign conntrics for the sole purpose
af exhibition, upon whieh there sbuli ,
be a thrift or eustums duty, will be |
admitted free of payment of duty, ens- |
toms fees or charges. Kegulstions pov- i
ersing entries of foreign goods in- |
tended for exhibit at the Prans-Mis-
Fissippi and Inieriational exposition
hase been issned by the serretary of the
sreasury and transmitted to the United
States vansuls threughout the world.
Fhe goverument mint will issue the
medals of award and the postmuster-
geurral has ordered a series of post-
age <*mpns, eight denominntions, eom-
mMemortive af the holding of thia cs-
position,

How about the attendance? This is
& vital point. When I was told that
the eStinuted figure ix 2.500.000 of ad-
missions. f cuukd not see it, Edward
Ronewater, manager of the department
af publicity aad promotion, toid me that
as f fettier of course the bulk of the
attendanre is expected from the ter-
ritory within a radius of 296 to 00
Miles, and that the census population
of Nebraska aul staten touching ite
horders is something fike 9,000,000.
From the railroad people I learn that
all Signs nein? to an enermeous attend- ;
anté, A; cats of the exposition inerery
part of the eountry send reports of this
nature. The peopie out here think that
W business conditions continue to im-
prave the question of a large attend-
ance thronghont the fies months af the
exposition will pever vex the manage-
ment. 2a. B. it.

}

ee

Tn a rurai distriet in the west of Eng-
jand there lived an ecrentric ob} farm-
er, who as continaally gppearing be-}
fore the magistrates for allowic,- hia |
entitle to stray on the highway. During
the hearing of hi. case for a siméler of-
fenat upon the bot occasion he elicited
much laughter fron the presiding \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]ren-

The Defendant's Micading. |
?

i Pivtaski daty 3.

ILLINOIS STATE NEWS

& Keavy Yatinre,

The failure of Ostman Bros., daiey-
men. with headquarters at Dundee, is
annreunced. The Datmans conducted
feo creameries in Miinois and seven fa
Wisconsin, and were among the largest
operators on the Elgin board of wrade.
They aiso conducted = caramel busi-
sess in Chicago and owned fruit
ranches in California. The patrons at
sll the factories had received no pay for
miik for two wonthe, The assets are
estimated at $175,060, with liabilities
exceeding this amount.

Born aad Wite SnAnted.

Alderman Christopher Byrn¢ and his.
wife and baby, the lutter two years old,
were out sleigh riding in the countey
near Joliet when they were struck at a
crossing by a train running about 45
miles an hour. The horse was inutant-
ly killed and the cutter was smashed to
pieces. Mr. and Mrs, Byrne were badly
cul and bruised. and both died acon
after, The baby wae thrown info s
snowilrift and was anly slightly hurt,

a Rigg eee.

Fire was discovered in the Union ele-
vator in East St. Louis and before the
fire was extinguished the elevator, the
building from which the boats are load-
ed, the Burlington freight sheds, the
Chicago & Alton lechouse, 150 cars Le-
longing to the Turlington syatem, and
22 small houses were destroged. \[OpenCurlyQuote]The
total loss is estimated at $1,000,006, The
elevator contained 250,000 bushels of
wheat and 600,000 bushels of corn.

Ceeabd Seatioties

The annual report of the state board
of labor, relating to chal, says:

Tn the seven districts of THinots 88 mines
ere operated tn 1897, with 33.758 eraployes;
39,482 tons of coal were mined, valued at
$14,288,529. In 167 there were 6 fatal acci-
Gente, while for 1996 the number was 77.
Tn 3897 there were G18 nonfatal acclients,
and 672 for 1586, Porty-sig women were
made widows in 1307, while in 1% thera
were bur dd. Ose hundred and thiriy-séven
shiidren were made fatherices in 167. and
435 tn 18M. as

Gone te Mis Reward,

Rev. Leroy Church, one of the oldest
Baptist ministers in Chicago, died at
hie b~ oe, aged 83 years, For 22 yeare
Me. Church was the editor and pub-
linker of the Chriatinn Timea, now the
Rinadard, the denominational organ of
the Baptists of the west. Of late years
he had jived Ia retirement. He lvares
a widow and two daughiers.

Live Fmprtoumment.

Guilty and imprisonment for life ia
the verdict rendered by the jury in the
Draper case at Jacksonville for the
noriderof Cparies 1. tastings on March
i, 1807. Draper.was cangil by fHast-
ings itt Ure eet of stealing some of tht
records frum the abstract offer atl the
two fonght with knives and the latter
was killed.

oy
Sorvioge Fetinevn Dicerce.

4, F. Parker, x pension attorne:, wes
married in Caire te hie former wife,
Mra, Qelia. Varker, from whom he re-
cured a divorce in the circuit conrt on.
Deveniber 3 last. The wedling wax «
quiet ane, an effort being made to keep
Che matter seeret. This ix bis fifth mat-
timnnial ventunre.

Taid ino Pew ites.
William Q. Van Dyke, for ming years
@ prominent miller, died in Eureka,
aged 70 years,
Dr. DM. Harris, of St. Lonis, has
taken charge of Mincoig university ut

PEincain.

Daniel FL YWelatich waa convieted in
the ciredit court in Lirenla of the mur-
der of George bo avis rear Mount

Wilhen Sitith. agent 45, wis

Mhaneivic hy the neck fram astrap iy af ite ts 8 kis

bedro.itt at his betme in Menastiowten,
t. k.

tali, was eenvieted af bigamy at © hest-

Tiong, Peso. ail segteners? ta Me
sears inthe perttent ary.
The stite bolired of itive. espera

wlll meet at Otis: Mh too ena

Tie seppiiicagnt-£ Wl gytenteet. tre the Teer,

Vrapecty vasuel ur Sano was

hurtasioat Meant Nfeclige and SVileert

Pinper was hile be Ratings wal

Vitiewnt Wadaine wstarpnit tend saletsbe cay
the words mean Bern Hi~ son awiltresetd
the cieed.

Pr. Joly . Vorles. aed st years,
was foamd dest in but in Hbocmal upton
from apupiex).

Fire in the deotes ipeck oat @iregon
enused loss of S15.000, prueticalls cov
ered by itsarance. ;

Willis Intts, a hrakeman, fel antler
the cars ab Maunt ¢vrmel and wae
killed. i

The reveal milisa! the Pexpiaines Val-
ley commas, now sitnster near Saliet,
Bre to be removed to Binomingetan.

ira Alters. the Nest resident of Waxue
whe purchased fata direct from the
@orvernment. diedat the age of S85 years.

The operatare of the Hillkbore onal
mine baye slint dawn because the taeal
anion demandes the Springtiell scale.

Jawes Fisher. the nidest merehant in
Quines. dragped dead ofapoplexs. He
was 85 sears old aud came ty 4p0irves
fn 1833. :

Marrs Smith was arrester in Irince-

ten by a White? States marshal ne-

cused of lepgalis using the mails to

mivertice a \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Yake(TM) bard tonrramert.

Facuh Shem mate a record for him-
Felf in Hhirageoas the champion eater.
On & wager of S15 he ale $4 agys in
Biruentes_

Eimer Zimmerman ia missisg from
Marimonth, tad it in alieged he in mort
$1200 belonging to merchurts. farm-
em ned Chicago comin ission houses.

frines Tavior a well-known farmer,
fel down an elesator straft of a hard-
Wate Stere th Rewance® and was killed.

Tie Euseet bulhging in Obteryro was
barnes, « ig a loss of S560 to

2 es firm <

Pete

Uemen on the bench\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] and others. The Pons Reed ar tesare patient? whe
BS ase WET oacival \[CloseCurlyQuote] : doin, Reed. we ins :2
ehit "3 See Se the defendint, fou away from Sie Dantter asxium
pO ae plead suilty or ath, o> Chaase. was fou dead le the
x 53s ¥ ss Ker \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]abo, E expecta triste south ef Waukegan. He hat
= sites barf hacer wa'ken 46 anitee and was frozen to
est vostumer ~--apars Momes .
i s gearh
/
i - :

forked + Hayes

Spragae. farmeriy of Mrs |

LINCS LEGISLATURE

Preceediugs of the Special Srxnies
feoam thay to Bay.

SpringtiekL UL, Feb. 1.--In the absonve of
Yaent, Gov. Northeott, President Pro Tem.
Flaher catied the penate to order at 5:0
o'chivk yesterday afiernoun withouta quo-
Frum present. Senator Munroe introduced a
ft by request appropriating #200 for the
Printing and binding of the house and sen-
Ste journals of the extraordinary session,
Which wer teferred to the committee on ap-

ons.

Springiield, IW, Feb. 2--Durtng @ five-
Ruinute aispion uf the senate yesterday. the
houve joint resolution was adopted asking
Sonte laatea king Pe has ta
contly promulgated ma! wr ati.
ents\[CloseCurlyQuote] course three yeara ao that it should

menced\[CloseCurlyQuote] hi

men: his stadics prior te the promulga-
Xion of the new rule. Sengtor Fort offered
@ resotulion, which was adopted, favoring
the Nicaragua canal project.

Springfield, Uh, Feb. 3 --The nenate tram
aetni no business soutertay.

Springfield, Til.. Feb. 4--The senate yen-
terday re te concur In the house
amendments ¢o the primary election bit.
aes house revenue bill was read « fon

ea :

Springtiel®, UL. Feb. $---Senator Craw-
ford, In th¥ senate yesterday, niived a re-
consideration gf the vote by which the
house amemiments to the senate primary
@ection bi were non-voncurred in, and
the motion was carrind: then he had the
DM made a special onder for next Phure-
das. Adjourned to Mondar.

The Hamnae,

Springfield. WL, Feb. 1--The house met
@t five o'clock yeeterdas afternoon with &
Hgeht attendance. The senate primary elec -
tion bile and barnsherger\[CloseCurlyQuote]s primary elvc-.
tion MMU were advanced to Aevond tending.
The svenste bil providing for the expenses
of (he extra pexaton was referred to the ap-
Propriations comunitive.

Springticit, NL, Meb. 2.--in the hotae yes-
ferduy the reyonue hill wa» dincunsed_

Springtield, NL, Keb, 2.--The house yes-
terias passed the revenue Hil by a vote of
T to 4 and the primary election bi by a
vote of 12 to 2; also the Peoria resolution
which given Gay, Tanner authority to tear
flown the unfinished insane assium at
Peoria and rebuild it some [0 feet back
from thy present bication. The revenue
committee ordered reportet favorabis u
SO taxing electrio Ught companies ten per
cont. on their gross receipts exceeding fa
ete. Mr. Northoegte introduced a bill to
tax tant fenaes.

Soringtiesd mM. Feb. 4.--In the house gos-
terday the bit taxing life tnsurance com-~
Ppeiles three per urgt. of their groes re-
etiple was amended, making Ube tan iwo
per cent.. and thet was sivanved to third
Yeading, Mr. Anderson offered a joint rea-
elution favoring Hawailan antiexation,
which was adopted.

BpringMetd, M1, Keb. 5--No bustnrss was
Gone in ihe howae yesterday. Avijournment
Wat takety to d.00 Monday afternoon.

DEPORTANT RULING.
do@tac Derides Cuagreat Vanmwot Ath
Sentariem Geodismitionn,
Washington. Feb. $ Judge Hager.
fs) the wyuity court Phorsisv. miake p
ulin\[CloseCurlyQuote] ef far-rceyching importance, holil-
ing in effect thatar is anconstitutional
for ooliiress lo appripriate money for
ecetarian iustitntious. Phe. ourt
grants) an jnjouction restraining the
treasurer of the United States from
pesine te the direetors of the Provi-
deice huxpital any money belonging te
the United Statex or the Distriet of Cp-
Fumbis. in accomisnee with an uprive-
nent with the ceomimissioners af tie
District aud the hospital direstor. The
Hpplication for the injunetion waa made
by Joseph Bradtell, wha maintained
that the questiuw: arising: in eonner-
tien With the poyinent of maney in:
xolved a principle and a preemieat for
the appropriation of United States
fitais for the use aud soppurt of reli-
Rovlts spcicties conrmars te Che constitu.
Yieu. The cise will be takes te the

court of appeals \[OpenCurlyQuote]

CUBA TO BE INVADED.

Ax ediente of Americnan Sntd te Bene
NROh AMS \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Warp evan TU som dead semi.

Miiineagotis, Mino. Epi 4. A syn:

ial te the ourgat Fy Nierafeear, S.
Hh, nai im baiteehif of thie des

enn

ten bioeh. Marneayedism@he is well
hema Dhrevgriovwit tier porthwest, was |
Pecer Gn Gg pheniner  yiissiesty.
sr epulwety daet persisteatia
pi ufieess ge seoseduds tae siehe GRAM tibet tes
Cet te Garek thea tere ut Piire
j tite < Byer sas te ot barked
des 4 Vrie icars har ire
poadnaset See lh gtrteyvecn*s cin the planed, ated
le TERI = Bigs ees Adu ceeatie> Be ce Aten tp
peut (py tyrcdt tacgter tee She eid shisgpuone
palo ehs ge testa os tee tein cbiol teal taped
Vi Hegar Terme Gl ce loss sate of iptet
\ es Pies readre neaceash dbase amd

BOP daeetars the tuted purchagee

peek pene un te pres. habe

from

VAP tines

t ao.

DIES OF LEPROSY.

fregar te

MBoomgplteed Wcieme at Seve Beek bsemity
Hirer mnsstone gee Oise Odremel Bdimemne.
New York. Fei. 4. Hares Albury. an

Ds year-old bes, is dead in the Nayston
aveniy hespited of Rroublyn of leprosy.
The young tuan cane here from Key
West, Ela, about five cers age, shen
his fother first disrovered leprosy
Aytapiomts. Na there was ne ward ia
the hospital suitable for the care of a
leprosy patient, the young gute was
placed in a small building erected for
his frenetit at the rear of the hoxpitat.
A Miss Falwards volaunterrrea tact nas
nurse and the yvoote man\[CloseCurlyQuote]s time waa
apent plessa tly, be beige ac adept
performerien © bane and other in-
atroments. He died of taberculor
lepresy, aud it as said there are not
mor: thin half «dozen sech esses in
the counter.

A Seoteide Wee Nol wo WV eoswerd,

Savanuah, Gia. Feb. 5S. -- ELL. Patton,
Jr. suicthat Sy takiney laudanum. He
Give in the morning at four o'elork,
He left a pote te tis parents, whe live
at Columban... defending his suiciie
wad detwise that it wasn vuward's last
Yesurt, De had twice briore attempted
$e XU! bimeselif.

Bumbir Hees and Clever.

Australia has furnished a fresh il-
lustration of Darwin's theory as ta the
important? part plased by ume bees
in ferti y claser he earrsing pollen
from oye yoant tea another. (lover
never flourished in that eoatinent unth
Ferentixs. when bumilebers hal been
fmparted from Earepe.

Freach Sopstatian.

population dors cstimerrase. In Cap
ada. Aigeriaund Tuniait incresies rap
idtr.

ne
7

i tintiotend daseph Mieeces cof Gabon. Py |

\[OpenCurlyQuote]RAY MAKES & REPORT.

4 Sevieun Candities of ABwire irae
THis Io the Micwete,
Washirgton, Feb. 2£.--Gen. Merriam,
ander instructions from Acting Secre-
tary Meikeljatn, of the-war depart-
mrent, opened at Seattle the dispatches
brought by Speeial Messenger Wells
from Capi, Ray. the department's ape
ela) representative in the Kiondike, and
forwarded an abstract of them to the
department by telegraph as follows:
Seattle, Wash., Jan. .--
of the arms, ners
Complying with telexram of
rat sud two packages Irom

tang

Ci
ay, tive
fant. PL Fi

&
Bubatancy an fi is
Latest bears date of November 2 and 2
refers te action amd attempled robbery wf
Caiches, Sectanpeecs that United Siates

check immigration ta ns hor
oP all

intewtor of Aly
persons not fully supplier fe last two

Gives es reason ne way to cnr @ ttving
and that no placer aincoverion have beam
mate within ag eight months either je
Atesta or the Northwest territory.

is no employment for any targe
number of peopte in aay capacity. Al values
are epeculative. There

do to earn a Hying and after spendal
their menoy they becnome dazed aad pele

Btates rush will be great mext year and
aby st that wilt prevent people fron:
coming in thotr ignorance wil be am act ef

dew: ratn Wy
know! that the lawtem are banding to-
gether a the river for the purpose of
rebbery renews sugmeation for goveroment
pineing on the iver amall light drugt
steamers with high power, arsed and used
to petrol river, andl the rinciing of detach
ants as the movement of peuple demtants,

MILLE VHREE.
Weretate Crtme Vemmiited Oy om ime
fariated Arkemaay Warmer,

Little Roek, Ark.. Beh, 4,--tine of the
most horrible crimes ever perpetrated
fn thin state took place in Franklin
county Wednesday night. Gol F, Aute
rey, a farmer, accomponted ly his fam-
ily, went to vingt his aged father and
mother, Hving near Mulberes. Shortly
after his arrival Antrey became ene
xaged in a religious argument with the
old folks. Suddenly be grasped an iron
lac, killed his aged father, mother and
hix Sen-year-old xon pad srriously
wonnded his wife and three remainin j
children, (wo of whom are not expected |
ta live. His wife oud eldest daughter, |
although tadly wounded, managed to
notify the neighbors, When they |
reached the hones they found Amrey
2 raving maniae, with his clothing om
fire. tle wax overpawerrd alter a hard
strigzete. The sight thar met the neigh-
bors\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] even Wak appalling. Whe three
dead. vielims of the crazy mon lay on
the Noor heawn, bucned sod mangled
abnost Geyonl resmygnities, We has
been chained all day, talking Incohe.~
rently, swearing (hat witekes were the
cause of the act

TIGHTLY CLOSED.

Muetnedn wf AM Kinde Pree ihodte dt «em |

Hoymdieny Sey Wakerebor,

Toledo, , Feb. T- This hitherte
wide-open town wns closed up tight by
an order af Chief af Polive Kaltz, to alk
perseus who do business un Sanday,
Saturday night all the saloons were or
dered to tone et Ho'cluvk mul remain
elLosed ull dpy Saudny, Mile deaters
Ber notified to stop serving thelr cus
tomers and the news stunda were or-
dered te discontinge Selhiug
Proguists were watned that if they xoid
apsthing: rverpt ouput proscription
from a physician Miew world te ar-
restel Candy stores aml vieur coun}
ters were Hoses,

Mey Vreee an Dennosicre bee Was.
tireatur, HL Reds, & Phe pound jucy

a

$

at ef toner ShertY doh Maney, far
tae muniee of Nat Weltindey, Inty 2, |
fas Byptucsam Vane bas bowen fi the
penitentiary Cie ReneS Pit the seibyer, |
Apphicgtion for Fanner\[CloseCurlyQuote]. parhin neti |
fie state puelon betel pad eVolened |
preseiteal there terug! idrout the inet
vestigation by the grand jury resaltinge |
in Manay\[CloseCurlyQuote]s indietmieut

Weadete- weltts Frerks a,

Athens, Feb. T. Sanguinary cone
ficts continue tetween the \[OpenCurlyQuote]Lurkish
troops and the peasanin ju Thessaly.
It is reported that the Torica have ous
cupied several villages and thut a hon~
dred persons have heen hiffed,

THE MARKETS.

New York, Fe. 2

LIVE STEM \[OpenCurlyQuote]K-- Native Strem $4 15 & 3
Sheep o2..02.0.. teanatveninc aw 4
jteue Diviewy cou powesasaciues eae 4m

FIA Ee -Minieasta Patenta 6 ip 335
Minnesota Makers\[CloseCurlyQuote], 4% 42

WHEAT.-No. 2 Hed I Pigg 1 4
TER GC ensekasens iy

COKN' -- N

¥IATH --ONs, &, 0... ccnieess = op" 2% |

BUTTER -- Creamery. ..., Wy »

af MAURY: ewe ves zene uv M

CHEERE -- Light Skin: 6

EGS ~~ Wenters.,.... intgep 2

CHICAGO,

CATTLE -- Shipping Stem, 387 Gow
Texas Steers... BW +h)
Stackers .... - 30 zw
cones nobess 3% @am

tulie ...-..... 2 #

1H --- Lighe 3 43k
Fair to Chatee Hex 3 322%

BUGEP .. 50). cccy es -esie 2% @e

BUTTEKM -- Creamery. 2 3
BIMIFS sce nesceeescesus iz 37

FAIS. Na Saabs 5 u

CHEESE Kall Cream, Bs

POTATOES (per bap. me 62

POmK -- Mesa, May 16 iy we

LARE -- Muay....-. . c Fit

lit -- Mey... ...-.- & 3

SL Patrats.. 4 ie

cea x goat 4 ad

BAIN -- Wheat, M ot
Corn, May. ae
Ours, May... B
Rye, Noe, 2 \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]a
Barievy -..... Nabe scien tar wy

MUWAUCKER.

GRAIN--Wheat. Se. 2 Spring 8 s2
REE NM ice ccecstccates gh
Maries, No. 2.2. -......-. ig

DETROIT.

GRAIN--Whent, Nu. 2 Hed... g 4
Maes IN Sh he bux sccueb ibe zz
as Pe 2 White, a ay
RPE IND Disp wiicccavausune . ty 48%

ST. tO, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]A

CATTLE Native Steers... Hs & 525
Tessa ES, ae 4%

ue

stemis. -- lush 2h $is
Heavy .. 255 68 395

BUREE . Am @ie

OMAIIA.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]aATTie Native Steers... $3 % gin
Vows sort Heifers. 2.0... 2 3H

wee tand FPeeders._.., aa 2 \[OpenCurlyQuote]2

Bs Nene <- 2 377%

BIS «6: crcscasscescocnese - 30 @se

ae a

charity.
in view of recent elopmen |

nr ee

AUCTIONE

I,

Bestiene three miles northwest of
Todds Point. Charges rensonsbia
Satisfaction guerenteed. Notify me ab
my home or by mail et Bethany, Zk

J. W. Weathers & Son,
Livery,
Feed and
Sale Barn

If you want « nice vig to take your gink
for adivive, or # you went s good zig
aingle or donble for an'y kind of e drive
feo him. He moles o specialty of come
veying traveling men to surrounding
towns. Large feed yard in eoomoction
for the acommedation of fagmets or
others desiring to put their trame
wp while in town. Prices guarenteod
right, Courtcom treatment te eenks
and every customer, Comic and nes to
and I will treat you zight. Tarn ono
block weat of Schwariz'\[CloseCurlyQuote]s store,

J. W. Weathers & Son.

Yoana ae maa Aer

READY FOR

Business |

Babkh's New FP ie Bimakion
is now open inven Who
= any of the iwest Phobes &
ron $1.00 per dozen ep, or eay- &
thing in the hine of Photo Novel
fiea, including Fyames, Mata, @
Phetegraph Buttons and He %
i Alo a fine &
line of fatest Pineques end Me-
dsilions from ib conte up. We
she siluated on Moin 8t., weet of §
Broadway, Shelbyvilic, When @
im tows call aronmd and eee ony

work,
1, A. Babe, Sie
FO GY AB Ghee

WHAT?

: Why, 0 sample cony (sent to any ad @
Y dress on request) of that meus Weebly &
 Newoymper for BOYS and GIRLS §
SEne Grea Rows Werte ¢

G) Sh it to the teachers of your place %

papier, | wees

scientific J -- ae
ib t= =e fr

en yy arn oer ne mnt a pe

Sh