Page 4

Continued from page 1
about $600.

Cable television and a proposed
agreement with First Rural Cable, Inc.
of Decatur was discussed by the Findlay
Village Board at a special meeting. A
request was made to the board by Jack
Yantis for an exclusive garbage hauling
contract. Yantis asked the board if
companies have a

would start soon on a second story for the
Bank of Findlay. Bank vice president
Greg Bohlen also announced that he is
working with area leaders to try to get
two miles of Lake Shelbyville shorefront
property open to residential and com-
mercial development.

February 4, 1983

In addition to the election of village
board and library board trustees, voters
within the Findlay Village limits will
vote on a liquor question April 12.
Petitions have been filed to allow liquor
sales within the corporate limits of
Findlay.

The Findlay High School chorus will
participate in a choral festival at Tower
Hill next Thursday.

Candidates for 1983 Homecoming
queen include seniors Beth Chaney,
Kelly Chapman and Jackie Wolf. King
candidates are seniors James Matlock,
Mike Berg and Bobby Kellow. ,

Audrey Lucas, a registered nurse,
spoke about diagnostic signs of illness
and injury at a meeting of the Findlay
emergency medical technicians.

February 11, 1983

Bethany Chaney and Bobby Kellow
were crowned queen and king of the 1983
Findlay High School Homecoming.

A drive has been started and a special
bank account opened for the Leonard
Kellow family who lost their home and
all of their personal belongings in a fire
Thursday evening. The fire was reported
by a neighbor, none of the family was
home at the time. Fire personnel suspect
the blaze started either from a wall
furnace or from electrical wiring.

The Findlay Falcon basketball team
has a special new mascot this year. He\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
the \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Findlay Falcon.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] The costume was

|
:
E

A craft program on glass etching was
presented by Mary White at the
February meeting of the Findlay Junior
Woman\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Club.

March 4, 1983

Nichols had to be extricated from her car
with thé assistance of the Findlay Am-
bulance and Fire Departments and the
was admitted to Shelby County Memorial
Hospital for treatment of injuries.
Official announcement of Gov. James
Thompson's intent to close Eagle Creek
State. Park near Findlay.. was..made
earlier this week as the governor's
proposed balanced budget for fiscal year
1984 was presented. Thompson is calling
for tax increases to raise additional
revenue and maintain current services.
Belle Atkinson, a former Findlay
resident, celebrated her 100th birthday
Feb. 22. She now lives in Pennsylvania.

End your
complaints.

Insure with Country
Companies. The
insurance company with
more claims centers
than any other in Illinois.
To settle all claims ina
spirit that has eared us
one of the lowest
complaint records in
the state.

-- 202. Main St., Findlay.
Phone: 756-3291
lirs: Men. -- Fri. 8:30 thre Noon

Phono by Pauline Briney
Cable television equipment, including these two dishes, were recently installed
in Findlay. First Rural Cable of Decatur is currently installing the system in
Findlay.

The Findlay Grade school sixth grade

_ Redbirds have completed their season

taking third place in the 16th annual
Bethany Invitation Tournament.
Findlay Grade School sixth grade
student Scott Gordon won first place in
the Shelby County Spelling Bee held last

Elected into the high school chapter of
the National Honor Society were Bob
Kellow, Rhonda Cleveland, Kristi Clark,
Krista Dawdy, Kim Halleck, Phillip
Hash, David Keown, Tim Rothrock and
Michelle Saddoris.

Over 100 persons attended the annual
Cub Scout Blue and Gold Banquet. In
addition to the meal, there were skits, an
award ceremony, a poster contest and a
cake decorating contest. The scouts also
presented a- \[OpenCurlyQuote]mini Olympics\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] to
-- their abilities in several
events.

The Findlay Falcons defeated the
Stonington Wildcats 68-56 on Friday to
close the season with a 15-8 record. The
win gave the Falcons a tie for second
place in the Meridian Conference.

March 11, 1983

Findlians turned out in record num-
bers Tuesday afternoon to surpass a
quota of blood donations set by the
American Red Cross. A total of 98 pints of

\[OpenCurlyQuote]blood were donated when the blood-

mobile made an annual visit to Findlay.
The quota was 70 pints. |

Vandals struck the rural Findlay
Bethel Cemetery last Wednesday.

Once again a proposal has been made
which would free land adjoining Lake
Continued on Page 8