led

Findlay 4-Hers demonstrate at Fair

ee

school registration

Registration for students in the Fin-
diay Community Unit School District will
be held Tuesday, Aug. 9. Parents and
students will register at the respective
schools.

Kindergarten through sixth grade

students will register at Findlay Grade
School from 8 a.m. to 12 noon. Grades
seven through twelve will register at
Findlay High School from 8 a.m. to 12
noon.
Textbook rental will remain at $12 for
kindergarten and $16 for grades one
through eight. The cost for high school,
for grades nine through twelve, is $4 per
course. This includes workbook charges.

The state free textbook program is in
effect again this year and because of this
discount on fees, the following amounts
will be charged: for kindergarten -
$10.25; first grade - $12.35; second grade -
$13.55; third grade - $13.10; fourth grade -
$13.10; fifth grade - $12.90; sixth grade -
$12.80; seventh grade - $8.50; eighth
grade - $11.30; ninth grade - total amount
for courses taken minus $7.60 discount;
tenth, eleventh and twelvth grade - total
amount for course taken minus $7.60
discount. |

A number of other fees will also be
charged to students at _ school
registration. These fees are: physcial
science, biology and chemistry - $5 lab
fee; industrial arts and vo-tech shop - $6
for supplies; bookkeeping - $7 for
practice sets; art - $11 for supplies;
driver education - $10.

These fees are due registration day.
Combination locks for gym lockers will
not be secured until after school starts. A
$2 deposit will be collected and will

ee ee es --_--

subsequently be refunded when the locks
are turned in at the end of the school
term. Towel service is optional, with a $5
charge for students in physical education
classes and a $6 charge for all students
involved in sports.

Parents and students can also sign up
for school insurance at registration. The
insurance is not compulsory. The in-
surance costs $7 for grades kindergarten
through six and $14 for grades seven
through twelve.

Twenty-four hour insurance coverage
cost $30 students in kindergarten through
the sixth grade and $37 for students in
grades seventh through twelve. The
insurance policy pays benefits on an
excess basis where other valid and
collective insurance or plan is involved.

Students who would prefer this in-
Surance coverage should pay the
premium on registration day. Injured
students must report to the school office
where an insurance claim will be filled
out.

All students entering the grades kin-
dergarten, fifth and ninth and all
students who are new to the Findlay
school district from out of state must
have a physical examination and the
required immunizations.

A dental examination is recom-
mended, but is not required.

School officials note that it is ex-
tremely important that each and every
child be properly immunized as

_ prescribed by the Illinois Department of

Public Health to be in compliance with
the School Code of Illinois.

Any student who fails to meet these
requirements by Oct. 15 of the current

Phone 728-7381 or 756-8551

FINDLAY ENTERPRISE

Vol. 97 -- No. 31, Findlay, Illinois 62534 Friday, August 5, 1983 8 Pages 2U¢

Photo by Gloria Livergood

Several Findlay youngsters won ribbons and trophies last week at the annual
Shelby County 4-H Fair held at Shelbyville. More fair pictures and information
on winners will appear in next week's Enterprise.

Nee esses ssssslsssssssssesessesetsuesensnstaneeees SS Sf --_---  ----- --

scheduled Tuesday

school year will be excluded by local
attendance center authorities, the school
code for Illinois states.

The Department of Public Health
requires proof of immunity against
diphtheria, pertussis (through the age of
five), tetanus, poliomyelitis, rubeola
(red measles) and rubella (German or
three day measles). Proof of im-
munization against rubella is required
for all males and females through the
ages of nine. Mumps vaccine is strongly
recommended, but not required at this
time.

Forms for the physical examinations
can be picked up at the high school and
grade school offices. All athletes must
have a physical examination before they
can participate in any sport.

Athletic physicals can be obtained at a

rrr err

school clinic which will be conducted by
Dr. 0.G. Kauder on registration day,
Aug. 9. Those students needing athletic
physicals should report to the high school
at 1:30 p.m. Monday, Aug. 8 for the
preliminary workup. They should bring
an early morning urine specimen in a
clean container labeled with name and
prade.

If it is not possible for a student to
attend this preliminary workup of the
physical examination clinic, students

should be at the high school at 8:30 a.m.

Tuesday, Aug. 9, the day of the clinic, for
their preliminary workup. --

Those who have already had the
workup will not need to report until 9:30
a.m. Tuesday when Dr. Kauder will be in
Findlay. Students must bring a physical
examination which has been signed by a
parent.

School starts soon!

It may seem like summer vacation just
started, but in less than two weeks
Findlay students will be back in school
starting the 1983-84 school year.

School will open Wednesday, Aug. 24
with bus service. All students who ride
the buses should be reached at about the
same time as the last semester of the last
school year. Exact bus schedules will be
worked out after the opening day, at
which time students will be notified at
what time to expect the school bus.

Classes will start at 8:30 a.m. and will

be dismissed at 3:33 p.m. during the

school term. School will be dismissed
early, at approximately 11 a.m. Wed-

nesday, Aug. 24, in time for the buses to
return students home in time for lunch.
Full day sessions will begin Thursday,
Aug. 25. The first day of kindergarten
will be Aug. 25, the same as the rest of the
students.

School cafeterias will open at both the
grade school and high school Thursday,
Aug. 25. Lunches will cost 65 cents for
students in the first through sixth grades
and 79 cents for students in high school
and junior high school. School lunches
are payable each Monday for the entire
week

There will be no school on Labor Day,
Sept. 5.

7OLIdVD ALVLS a0

ruvugdi TWOINOLSIH Srivis °* TI

yuVLS vua NYS SSIS

=