Page 4

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

First bake off draws
several participants

Several area persons participated in
the first bake off contest held in con-
junction with Findlay Days. Cash prizes
and ribbons were awarded to the win-
ners. Serving as judges were Evelyn
Wooters, Cinda Stocks and Suzanne
Davis. The event was sponsored by the
United Methodist Church.

Winners were: for angel food cake -
Judy Knierim won first place and Wilma
Marquiss won second place; for German
chocolate cake - Fern Schwartz won first
place and Deanna Uphoff won second
place; for noodles - Dolly Warren won
first place and Audrey Lucas won second
place.

Also, for pecan pie - Carolyn Lash won
first place and Betty Perry won second
place; for chocolate chip cookies -
Carolyn Lash won first place and Leta
Schwartz won second place; for brownies
- Cindy Gollus won first place and
Maxine Bennett won second place.

Other winners were for bundt cake -
Bessie Waymire won first place; for
black rasberry pie - Bonnie Keown won
first place and Nancy Messmore won
second place; for chocolate cake -
DeeAnn Winings won first place; for
poppy seed cake - Marjorie Enoch won
a place and Sandy Dawdy won second
place.

Also, for pineapple upside down cake -
Sondra Diss won first place and Jolene
Saddoris won second place; for dinner
rolls - Eileen Powers won first place and

Winners

Continued from Page 1
Mary Martin of Shelbyville won an
afghan and hospital auxiliary dolls were
won by Ben and David Hunter of
Ass ion.

The Findlay Public Library Board held
a drawing for a painting donated by
library volunteer DeeAnn Winings. The
painting of a covered bridge was won by
Pat Stephenson.

Findlay Emergency Medical
Technicians also held a drawing for
several prizes. Winners and prizes were:
Linda Pflum - wreath; Larry Knierim -
doll; Dwight Campbell - toy ambulance;
Dave Rodman - stereo headphone set;
Bud Thomson - ginger jar; Kevin Dawdy
- 15 gallons of gas; Mike Cruit - toy
ambulance; Debbie Wright - aprons;
June Brown - shawl; Jason Winings -
cookie jar.

Other winners of other Findlay Days
events will be printed when they are
submitted to the Enterprise.

Missy Knierim spent Tuesday night
with Kelly Smith.

Other winners were, for peach pie -
Nedra Hash won first place and Florence
Gregory won second place; for fudge -
Mary Uphoff won first place; for
divinity, Kathryn Greider won first
place; for snickerdooles - Sylvia Parr
won first place.

Also, for chocolate drop cookies - Sue
Rothrock won first place and Freda
Keown won second place; for oatmeal
cookies - Debbie Fogleman won first
place and Roger Lash won second place.

In the youth division, for chocolate chip
cookies - Julie Livergood won first place
and Cherrie Winings won second place
and for sugar cookies - Amy Walters won
first place.

A lively auction of the baked goods was
held Saturday evening with Forest
Landreth acting as the auctioneer.
Several bids were submitted for the
baked goods.

Rainfall varies
from trace to
over four inches

Parts of Shelby County recorded over
four inches of rain during the period,
Aug. 26 to Sept. 1 while other sections of
the county recorded only traces of
precipitation. Rural and Tower Hill
Townships recorded 4.50 and 4.3 for the
high and Holland and Lakewood
Townships recorded the low, .2 and .3
inches

In the northern end of the county, the
precipitation was between one and two
inches. Penn Township recorded 1.62
inches; Pickaway 2.0 and 1.90 inches;
Ridge Township 2.05 and 2.1; Okaw
Township 2.1 and 2.1 inches; and Todd\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
Point Township, 1.50 inches.

Lorrine Hillsabeck and son Bob of
Phoenix, Arizona were in town to enjoy
Findlay Days. They visited Emaline
Siler Sunday evening and flew home
Monday morning.

SP FPEERAERREREEEEEERERERE EERE ER ER REE RER EERE REE E RR ER ER EE

Adults - $3.50

SARAH AaRAKkaktkkkedekahkhkhkkhkhke

ae

Annual Hog and Lamb Roast
Saturday, September 10, 1983
Strasburg Community Park

Beer Garden - Free Dance - Drawing
Live Country Music By \[OpenCurlyQuote]The Rovers\[CloseCurlyQuote]\[CloseCurlyQuote]

Jollytime Amsvements for the Kids
Sponsored by the Strasburg Volunteer Firemen

FESEESEERESEEEEEREREREEEER EERE EERE EER ER EERE REE ER REE EER

Children - $2.50

wMektkhkkkhkkbkkhhkhhhhhkhhhhhhh hhh

PCA promotes
Don Cruitt

Donald Cruitt has been named vice
president-branch manager of the
Production Credit Association office in
Taylorville, according to Stephen Cor-
zine, president of Decatur PCA.

Cruitt is a native of Findlay. He is a
1977 graduate of Illinois State Universit
having received a B.S. Degree in
agriculture business. Cruitt worked in a
farm management position in Georgia
prior to joining Decatur PCA in 1981 as
assistant vice president of the PCA office
in Lincoln.

Decatur PCA is a farm credit
cooperative serving 1000 mem-
ber/borrowers in the five-county area of
Macon, Chrisitian, DeWitt, Logan, and
Sangamon.

Johnsons host

weekend guests

Viola Schaal and her son, Bob Schaal of
Merrimac, Wis., Jack and Nancy Schall
of Island Lake, Ill. and her daughter,
Donna Schaal of Waukegan were
weekend guests of her sister, Ruth and
Gifford Johnson and family.

They all attended a birthday supper for
their sister, Pauline Williams of
Shelbyville, Saturday evening. They also
attended the Reynolds family reunion at
Forest Park in Shelbyville Sunday af-
ternoon.

/_. \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote] 9, 1983

.*
sve

Findlians in the news

Telitha Crickman spent Wednesday
with her sister and brother-in-law Mr.
and Mrs. Cecil Gilbert of Moweaqua.

Frances Cuttill of Decatur and Darlene
Cuttill of Bethany visited Dicy Dawdy

Monday.

Alice Bass of Florida and Ruby Spitler
of Washington, Ind. called on Dicy
Dawdy Friday.

Mrs. Bill Butler of Springfield, for-
merly of Findlay, and her son and
daughter-in-law, Don and Linda Butler of
Chatham called on Alice Dawdy Sunday

evening.

Jeff and Judy Getz were Sunday dinner
guests of Jack and Linda Getz.

Christi and Carey Floyd spent Labor
Day with Pat and Mary Wolf and Jackie.

Dennis and Linda Brown and LeAnn
saw the movie \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Mr. Mom\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] in Decatur
Monday.

Jarrett Brown spent Monday with
Andy Scott.

Jenny Boehm, daughter of David and
Sandy Boehm of Cerro Gordo and
granddaughter of Lawrence and Wilma
Camfield, returned to school Tuesday
after having been ill with mononucleosis
for two weeks.

Courtney and Heidi Ward spent the
weekend with their grandparents, Mr.
and Mrs. Lawrence Camfield.

Mr. and Mrs. Mark Camfield and
family of Illiopolis and Mr. and Mrs.
Lindsay Camfield and family of
Shelbyville had Sunday dinner with
Lawrence and Wilma Camfield.

Bob and Ruth Hubbartt hosted a Labor
Day picnic for Mike and Debbie Carr and
Patrick, Bill and Laurie Hubbartt, Robin
Hubbartt, Mike Bear, Lonnie and Judy
Francisco, Kim, Jennifer and Brad,
Gene and Tick Wooters, Curt and Shelley
and Butch and Carol Wagner.

Zelma Davis and Frances Price of
Shelbyville spent Wednesday shopping in
Decatur

Zelma Davis was a weekend guest of
Mervin and Janice Davis of Garrett.
While there they attended a party at the
home of the Bill Downs family honoring
the birthdays of Chris Downs and Mervin
Davis and Paulette Davis of Mattoon.

Linda Wagner and Jamie Holland and
Angela of Shelbyville and Harry and
Lucille Armstrong and Pauline Briney
were Monday dinner guests of Pat
Brooks.

Harry and Lucille Armstrong spent
Saturday night and Sunday at the Barry
Martin home in Springfield.

Denny and Margie Benner of Mt. Zion
visited their mothers Reta Benner and
Mabel Macklin Saturday.

Bob and Mary Christerson, John and
Cindy of Warrensburg were Labor Day
guests of his mother, Winnie Christerson.

PUBLIC NOTICE

NOITCE IS HEREBY GIVEN by the Board of Education of School District
Number 2, in the County of Shelby and Moultrie, State of Illinois that.

1. The aggregate amount of property taxes, exclusive of election
costs, extended in the 1982 levy was $702,071.
2. The aggregate amount of property taxes, exclusive of election
costs, for the proposed levy of 1983 is $643,654.

3. The percentage decrease of the proposed 1983 levy is

8.3206684%.

4. A public hearing concerning the proposed levy will be held at 6:30
P.M. on the 21st day of September 1983. at the High School, in this
School District Number 2. Dated this 22nd day of August, 1983, Board of
Education of School District Number 2, in the County of Shelby, State of

IIlinois.

By Duane G. Uphoff, Secretary