FINDLAY ENTERPRISE

Vol. 97 -- No. 41, Findlay, Illinois 62534 Phone 728-7381 or 756-8551

ory ;
Pie? |e .-y
--s :
> a we
ab ah '
ake ;
fs | E-
4 . - .
baad Mee be ae o
oe Fea. ore

Photo by Pauline Briney

A new plaque has been added to the wall of the Findlay Firestation. The plaque,
which was made by Bob Hubbartt, contains the names of 33 present and former
emergency medical technicians. Funds for the plaque were raised by a drawino

held during Findlay Days. EMT Chief Linda

future EMT's.

Brown points out the space for

Friday, October 14,1983 8 Pages 2UC

New plaque lists EMT\[CloseCurlyQuote]s

A new plaque has been added at the
Findlay Fire Protection District station.
The plaque has been made by Bob
Hubbartt purchased by the Findlay
emergency medical technicians with
funds they raised from a drawing held
during Findlay Days.

The new plaque includes the names of
33 present and former emergency
medical technicians that have worked
with the ambulance service.

The names of the EMT\[CloseCurlyQuote]s inscribed on
the plaque are George Carter, Ben

Dawdy, George Perry, George Stocks,
Linda Brown, Don Heiland, Ruth Hub-
bartt, Larry Rodman, Mary Wolf, Lou
Carroll, Pat Wolf, Audrey Lucas, Pat
Rodman, John Kovalcik, Marie Kopp,
Fritz Wheeler, Debbie Carr and Donna
Shoemaker.

Others listed on the plaque are Micke
Matlock, Tim Morse, Les Martz, Chris
Cloyd, Ron Cloyd, Fred Tippit, Tammy
Sentel, Linda Pflum, Brent Fogleman,
Judy Sparks, Flo Doss, John Diss, Sherry
Giles, Kathy George and Sandy Dawdy.

sherry Graven receives
DAR good citizen award

Sherry Graven has been named the
recipient of the D.A.R. Good Citizenship
Award for 1983-84. The D.A.R. award
winner is a senior at Findlay High
School.

The citizenship award is presented by
the Kuilka Chapter of the Daughters of
the American Revolution of Shelbyville.
The award is based o the qualities of
leadership, service, depe... ility and
patriotism.

Sherry will compete for scholarship
consideration with other D.A.R. winners.
A tea will be held for all area good citizen
winners in Shelbyville on December 3.

Sherry is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
LeLand Graven.

Board approves 4-way stop

Findlay will have a new set of stop
signs as a result of action taken Monday
night by the Findlay village board.

Mike Carr presented a petition with 79
signatures requesting that stop signs be
placed at North Third and Wright
streets. After discussion, board member
Larry Rodman made a motion that four-
way stop signs be installed at the in-
tersection. The vote was unanimous.

Area parents had asked for the stop
signs citing safety problems in the area
which is adjacent to the Findlay Grade
School.

FINAL PAY ESTIMATES for the
sewer project were reviewed by the
board. Engineer Lee Sierkerka
presented final payment requests to the
board. The estimate for Harshman,
Plumbing, Heating and Electrical was
for $32,399.56. The board approved the
amount, contingent on its attorney\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
acceptance of Harshman\[CloseCurlyQuote]s bond.

The board also approved all grant
request forms, based on legal and
engineering costs. Engineering invoices
were also approved for payment.

The sewer project officially came to a
Close Oct. 1 when the new sewage
treatment plant was inspected and ap-
proved by the engineering firm of Up-
church, Davidson and Associates and
subsequently accepted by the Findlay
Village Board.

The board reviewed snow removel with
Okaw Township road commissioner
Gene Crickman. Crickman appeared
before the board to say that Okaw and
Todds Point townships would be willing
to handle snow removal within the
village limits if the question of liability
was Settled.

Board members had previously at-
tended the Todd\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Point Township board
meeting, and road commissioner Morris
Nichols said that he had plowed the
Streets in the past and he would be
willing to plow the streets in the future.

For the past few years, the village has
contracted with Herb Bricker Sr. for
snow removal. Some of the board
members were concerned with the cost.

Board member George Carter who
serves a insurance commissioner said he
would check with the three insurance

companies which would be involved
(Okaw, Todd\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Point and the Village of
Findlay). A motion was then approved to
have the townships take care of snow
removal, contingent on the results of the
insurance check.

During a discussion on remodeling the
old fire station into the new villagehall,
the question of carpeting the meeting
room was raised. Mayor Pauline Briney
broke the tie in favor of carpeting the
area. Voting for the carpeting were Dave
Thurber, Dwight Riley and George
Carter.

Village attorney Chris Eberspacher
presented an ordinance which will
change the due date and starting penaly
date for gas, water and sewer bills. The
amended ordinance, which was ap-
proved by the board, will be effective

_ with the Nov. 15 billing.

Discussion was held concerning a
letter from the Shelby County Clerk,

Dwight Campbell, to village officials
about tax levy extensions for the village.

Eberspacher had not seen a copy of the

letter prior to the meeting.

Trustee Thurber will contact Campbell
by letter concerning the 1983 extensions.
If the clerk refuses to make the ex-
tensions requested by the board, the
board was advised by Eberspacher to
bring suit.

IN OTHER ACTION, the board:

--Approved a motion to prohibit
parking on the south side of Division
Street. No parking will be enforced from
the county road east to the city limits.

--Approved a lien of $350 against the
concrete plant property. In related ac-
tion, the board decided to rent a
jackhammer for breaking up concrete at
the plant and take the chippings to the
sewer plant to be used for rip-rap.

--Heard a report that several owners
of rental property had complained about
the lenght of time taken to terminate
service for delinquent utility users. The
board decided to continue with present
procedures.

--Approved a motion to donate $75
toward the annual Halloween festival
sponsored by the American Legion and
Legion Auxiliary. The village donated
$79 toward the celebration last year.

90229 *TTI *aTaIsoNTvas

TOLIGYD 3LYLS a0

AUVYUESIT TWOTYO

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]TTT

SIH 3IVLS
WUVLS vud NYS SEIM

\[CloseCurlyQuote]
ia

x