Page 8

Around the

by Edward N. Ballard
Extension Adviser

Due to poor crop yields and lower hay
production this year many producers are
seeking alternative feeds. One possible
source could be wet corn by-products, an
alternative feed that might be considered
by livestock producers, due to their
availability and current price.

There are several reasons for the in-
creased availability of these products.
The yearly ten to fifteen percent increase
in production has a major effect. The
increased strength of the dollar has
decreased exports which also has in-
crease¢ availability. The export demand
may become even smaller if the
Europeans levy taxes on these products.
In addition, the high cost, thirty to forty
dollars per ton, of drying these feeds has
increased availability. If drying costs
increase even more, materials may be
available in the wet form. All of these
factors contribute to the present
availability of these products and
Suggest that these products will be
available for sometime to come.

There are several wet corn by-

products producers right here in our
area

These include: distillers, grains, corn
gluten feed, corn bran, brewer grain and
steep liquor. These products vary in their
nutrient content and thus in their feeding
value.

Because of the increased interest in
these wet corn by-products, a conference
has been scheduled for Tuesday, Nov. 1
to discuss the potential of using these by-
products for feed.

The conference will be held at the

Regional Extension Office on the Illinois
State Fairgrounds in Springfield.
- Topics to be discussed will include wet
distillers products, how produced,
nutrient content, price, trucking costs,
present market, future market and
storage. Additional breakout sessions
will include feeding corn by-products,
protein quality, energy utilization, fiber
utilization and levels economics for
dairy, beef and swine.

There is a registration fee. For ad-
ditional information contact the Shelby
County Cooperative Extension Office.

Feed P
Soybeans to Beef Cattle

If you are faced with the problem of
receive large discounts at the elevator
you might consider feeding them to your
oe ns Toucan feed whole soybeans

Cattle at a rate of up to ten

of the total ration. pipiens

You don\[CloseCurlyQuote]t have to roast soybeans to
feed them to beef cattle. The rumen
breaks down the Kunitz trypsin-inhibitor,
a growth inhibitor that can affect non-
ruminants.

Soybeans are a good source of energy
and protein. The grain contains about 35

THE FINDLAY

county __

percent protein and 25 percent oil.

However, providing more than ten
percent of the ration as soybeans inhibits
fiber digestion because the diet then
contains too much fat in the form of

soybean oil.

Grazing Sudan Grasses
and Sorghum Grasses

Since the recent frost we have received
several questions in regard to grazing
sudan type grasses.

Safe grazing of sudans and sorghum-
sudans is based upon general height of
the plant. Sudan grass varieties are
normally low in prussic acid potential.
Because these plants are low in their
potential for poisoning, the height of
these plants can be less than the
sorghum-sudan hybrids, which have a
higher prussic acid potential.

We suggest that sudan grasses be at
least 18 inches tall before starting
grazing and sorghum-sudans be at least
24 inches tall before starting grazing.

There are two main problems with

crop that was high in prussic acid before
the frost will release a large quantity of
prussic acid in a short time after being
frosted. The other problem occurs when
warm weather follows the first frost of
the season and the sudan grasses and
sorghums initiate new growth. Prussic
acid is highest in fresh or new growing
tissue. Thus, recovery growth has
potential of having a high level of prussic
acid. So, growers should observe
recovery growth in the years that warm
weather follows the first frost to deter-
mine if there is new tiller growth oc-
curing and if se, they should remove
cattle until this new tiller growth has
reached the 18 to 24 inch height.

Frosted sudans and sorghums can be |

used as feed after the plant material has
thoroughly dried. The safest way to use
frosted sudans and sorghums is to ensile
them. A second method is to green chop.
A third method is to make the crop into
hay. The least desirable method of using
questionable sudans and sorghums is to
pasture them.

When feeding sudan grass or sorghums
that may have a toxic level of prussic
acid, feed a feed that is low in prussic
acid. This will dilute the total amount of
prussic acid ingested by the animal.
Because animals can ingest low quan-
tities of prussic acid without endangering
their health, this practice enables the use
of questionable materials throughout the

In other words, do not turn animals out
into questionable pastures is they are
quite hungry. Instead, feed these
animals some dry hay that does not have
prussic acid before grazing the sudans to
reduce the amount of grazing and intake
of plant materials with a relatively high
level of prussic acid.

Say it in a Letter to the Editor

Zeeoeoocoscosooocoes
Rummage
Sale

Nothing to do on Saturday?
Come to the F.H.A. Rummage Sale

Saturday, Oct. 15
8:00 - 5:00 at the
Findlay High School
See you there!
ecececegeoeooeseee

Dr. $.$. Rothman

OPTOMETRIST
106 N. Madison St. Sullivan, Illinois

Phone Collect 728-7838

EYES EXAMINED
CONTACT LENSES
Speciality
Children\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Vision
Hours By Appointment

Officers of the Findlay High School Future Farmers of America chapter attended
a Leadership Training School held at Moweaqua High School recently. In
addition, a meeting of section officers was held. Attending the meeting were
(front row, from left to right) Jerry Howell, president; David Keown, reporter;
Angie Uphoff, secretary; (back row) Brian Wood, adviser; Craig Macklin, |
treasurer and Jody Getz, sentinnel. The purpose of the training school was to
help new officers learn their office responsibilities.

2025S. Main St., Findlay
Phone: 756-3291
lirs: Mon. -- Fri. 8:30 thru Noon
Evenings and Set.

COUNTRY
CONPARNIES.

insurance and investment Services

ce

David Keown, Findlay Future Farmers
of America Chapter reporter attended
an FFA chapter reporters workshop
Tuesday evening at Lake Land
College in Mattoon.

You'll be a winner in 1st place if
you let us show you this custom 3
bedroom home.

Vinyl siding, new sewer, water
lines and wiring.

Lots of wall paper and paneling.
Very low heat bills. Living and
dining rooms and 1% baths.

Say \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]\[OpenCurlyQuote]hello\[CloseCurlyQuote]\[CloseCurlyQuote] to a good buy.

Worth every penny.

Findlay

Pauline Briney
736-8551

Bitzer -Firnhaber

AND ASSOCIATES

174-5596

615 W. Main - Rt. 16
Shelbyville, Ill.