Bi thy

-- 7 r ee
a is A Sy
a jy

-
4

Picking corn Se aces
| Most Findlay area farmers have finished harvesting soybean crops and as acres of land are being cleared. Gene Scott was picking corn
ave dropped combine bean heads for corn heads. It\[CloseCurlyQuote]s corn picking time this week in a field located just outside the Findlay village limits.

Arouna the county

4-H news___

by Edward N. Ballard Correct interpretation of the results Corn Yields of much concern recently but the Diane L. Myatt and
", Extension Advise require a knowledge of the field  Theyieldsonthe Extension Variety dividend of waiting until after the by Davis W.
| conditions that will affect nutrients plots were like farmers yields --very Hessian fly free date helps reduce +-H Federation
With crop yields being down this availability, and understanding of the disappointing this year. We have damage from diseases in the fall on The next 4-H Federation
year and a rather dismal outlook for land-enure arrangements and the harvested twenty late the wheat crop. will be held on Tuesday, Oct. 9 at 7
crop prices this full, every farm@er financial situation of the owner or Group 2 or early Group 3 varietieson Date of planting studied in both p.m. in the Home Ec Building. All 4-
afoul be careful in planning @ fe Goerator of the farm. Bach of these the Extension Bohlen variety plot in Illinois and Indiana shows that wheat H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are invited to come and enjoy a
tility program for 1988, factors will influeuce whether you Penn T with ranging planted on or within 10 to 14 days fun evening
Leaving your fertilizer program to should use the build-up maintenance 4e.ween 25 and 36 bushels. This on the after the optimum planting date will
aaaeanttny, \[OpenCurlyQuote]aeat® some missed cotion or the annual application average is about § to 8 bushels below average Righer \[OpenCurlyQuote]helds than\[CloseCurlyQuote] thet \[OpenCurlyQuote]-H Camp Work Day
opportunities. While some growers oo4in the 1983 soybean yields on this plot. planted earlier or later. Occasionally Oct. 27 is the scheduled work day at
, others would be wise to program a look at what has been demonstrations on the Kenneth Diehl than that planted at the recom- Volunteers and 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are needed to
maintain their present fertility applied the past two years and what Extension Vo. Ag. Demonstration mended time; however, most years help get camp ready for winter. If
program. yields have been removed. This will at Shelbyville this past Thur- this is not the case. you, your parents or 4H club are
In planning a fertilizer program, give you a good indication along with sday and Friday. The yields were When weather conditions delay interested in this fun service project,
for starters, have an accurate soll the soi] test in regard to whether you some of the lowest in the history of planting, the danger of winter injury contact the Shelby Extension
Aig am, Cvery four years on each need to be applying just a main- Extension plots. One demonstration increases. in the Illinois date of Service (774-4321) by Monday, Oct.
field. The reliability of the test tennce application in 1985 or a included drilled soybeans seeded ot planting studies wheat planted 30 !
depends on three factors, accuracy of maintenance plus a build-up ap- the rate of 60 to 90 pounds per acre, . days after the optimum time usually
the soil samples, accuracy of the lab plication. A maintenance application Three varieties used were Asgrow survives well to produce Achievement Book Cover Contest
analytical work and the correct in- simply applys what your projected A3127, Pella and Williams 82. The @ satisfactory yield. However, All 4-H\[CloseCurlyQuote]ers are invited to take part
terpretation of the lab results from yield remoyal will be in 1985. A yields for Asgrow at 90 pounds were seeding rates should © te Ge eh Auten Come
the field in question. maintenance plus a build-up ap- Seals, Sa, PO eek een en reminghtieel & oa, ten tennn et WS be
plication is applying the maintenance pounds, 10.1; at 60 pounds, 12.9; w optim lana 1984 Achi :
application plus a build-up to get the Williams &2 at 90 pounds, 14.2; and Recommended seeding rates are ee eae You will need to
soil test up to the recommended Williams at 60 pounds, 15.1 bushels approximately 90 pounds per acre at follow the following guidelines when
Cards of thanks __ levels. per acre. The soybeans were planted the optimum date. drawing your cover.
If soil tests levels are below the on May 10. We would also recommend a wheat 1) Must be no larger than 84x11\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]
Thank you to the High | desired goal, apply enough A soybean seeding population study seed treatment at planting time. (%\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] must be left on each side for a
School volley ball team for the or um to with so many seeds per foot of row Wheat seed treatments don\[CloseCurlyQuote]t cost but merdia).
balloon bouquet and Sandy | increase the soil tests. For was also harvested with very they pay. Using ae ee 2) Must have the words \[OpenCurlyQuote]1964 4H
Dawdy for bringing friends to | phosphorus, apply nine pounds of disappointing yields. The variety was ments is the best way to and Achievement Program\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] in-
Visit me. Also grandpa for the | P,0s for each pound the soil the soil Van Horn SM10E+ and was planted good stands of vigorous picture.
flowers while I was in St. ttt by below Sin desires level Pos sor face, 6h. Dedidiey ¢ beeen eet Coen ane 3) The theme is open to anything
's Hospital potassi four pounds per 1 bushels; per 4-H.
_ Joey Cummins sepepae | ope perpen foot, 23.5 bushels; 6 beans per foot, seed are three to five bushels per acre "iar anit te tated om Co
The kindness and sympathy | the desired level. A calculated 22.9; 8 beans per foot, 17.7; 10 beans Comet Gan yoelds trem untreated tension office by Oct. 31.
of neighbors and friends in our one ean nar Se aes een Oe er boat The dissase of greatest importance
recent sorrow will always over the four yeats with applic ae the in County are loose smut,
remain with made annually or every two years.In Additional information on We would like to encourage you to
us a precious Aditi ly a maintenance Kenneth Diehl Extension Vo. Ag. bunt, seed borne scab, seed rots, and ttend the VI
. Our sincere thanks a on, app and seed deca Loose a Region Computer Expo
ae amount equivalent to expected crop Demonstration plot soybean results seedling blight y Nov. 27 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the
and gratitude for all those and the Shelbyville Bohlen variety smut has been well controlled where Prairie Capitol Convention Center in
eee Sets. Special Under conditions of limited plot results will be available in the Vitavax has been used at one ounce of eld.
thanks to the Findlay financial resources, the near active ingredient per 100 weight of \[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]", variety of exhibits, seminars
American Legion and lication could be delayed for one seed; however, the highest label rate, speakers and computer equipment is
Rev. Floyd M am without affecting yields Planting Date for Wheat 1.25 ounces active ingredient per 100 sure to offer something of interest to
significantly. With soybean harvest underway in weight, should be used on you. If you would like more in-
wens of Fem Lee - In , farmers need to Shelby County several farmers have Nose or Satistactory control of formation on this Computer Expo
> | evalua fertilizer program been asking the question when is the please feel free to contact the Shelby
Dean and Hugh Olehy a unssechbvenereleaiunant optimum time to seed wheat thisfall. Combinations of Vitavax and broad County Cooperative Extension
The Community Center soil test levels in future yield The average date of seeding wheat spectrum fungicides will give the best Service at 774-4812.
would like to | projections in line with their financial for the highest yield in Shelby County overall control of wheat seedling
thank Brian Woods and the 14 situation in developing their program is Oct. 3 through Oct. 5. diseases. . Thursde
Vo-Ag. students for the to fulfill their needs this fall. Research results at the University ee aoe y
Carpenter work and painting Be careful not to restrict your of Illinois the recom- a pacer tern ae
at the Community Center. All that will en- mendation that wheat yields will Sunday dinner guests of Katy Orr a See een cee
members of the community danger you with reduced yields but average highest planted on or were Joline Chapman, Don, Marci Decatur with J a
Center organization ales one you can afford soon after the Hessian fly freedate or and Melissa Croy and Jim and Toni The Lance Beery famiy on at
~pereciate their fine | financially to maintain your farming the optimum wheat planting date Jackson of Windsor and Robert and with the Phil Alward family
orkmanshir sien Hessian fly populations haven\[CloseCurlyQuote]t been Marie Chapman of Findlay Decatur Sunday