Page4

evening, the downtown area was cleaned
Thursday evening -- today (Friday)
everyone will be busy preparing for
activities that start late this afternoon.
It\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Findlay Days and the preparations
have all been made for an exciting three
day weekend.

The fifth annual Findlay Days
celebration will start late today as booths
are set up from several organizations in
the downtown Findlay business <listrict.

The first event of the evening wil! be
the annual ice cream social sponsored by
the Findlay Junior Woman\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Club. Club
members will be serving homemade ice
cream, cake, cookies, coffee and ice tea
\[OpenCurlyQuote]rom 9:30 to 8:30 p.m. at the new Findlay
Fire House.

ntertainment start: .t the stage area
next to the American Legion Hall at 6
p.m. Persons coming to Findlay Days to
enjoy the entertainment should bring
their own lawn chairs.

From 6 to 7 p.m. a barber shop quartet
will perform on the stage. Coronations of
three Findlay Days queens and one king
will be held between 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m.
on the stage area. The contests are being
coordinated this year by the Findlay
layceetes.

The Findlay Days queens will be
Miss Findlay, Miss Teenage Findlay
Little Miss Findlay, Mrs. Findlay. There
will also be a Findlay Davs King. Judges
will select the winn rs in each « ilegory
before the coronation.

A street dance will close out Friday
night\[CloseCurlyQuote]s entertainment. The Findlay
Jayceetes, coordinators ot the Findlay
Days event, are sponsoring \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Iron Horse
un silage tO pertorm tor dancing or
listening between 8:30 p.m. and 11:30
p.m.

STARTING FRIDAY evening and all

Float completed

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Ready, set--Findlay Days are here

Christian Church Youth Group, Findlay
Public Library Board balloon booth,
Findlay policeman John Love and
County Chief Deputy Sheriff Forest
Herron - fingerprinting children.

tank, Jaycee-Jayceete Coca Cola and
pork wagon, tee-shirt stand, Jayceete
dart booth, moon walk and souveniers,
Shelby County Memorial Hospital
Auxiliary-Findlay Unit booth with prizes
including a television, afghan and
volunteer doll, Findlay High School Pom
Pon girls kissing booth, Dane Buechele
snow cones, Windsor Boy Scout troop
booth, Raleigh Products, Sam Abel\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
pony rides.

Other booths -- clock sales. Don Settles

fish market, taco stand, Findlay High

School Future Farmers of America
horseshoe pitch and petting zoo, Findlay
Baptist Church food sale including
noodles, Stitch-N-Time nickel toss on
Friday evening and face painting on
saturday, Band Boosters booth. Lion\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
Club concession and United Methodist
Church Concession.

SATURDAY MORNING will start out
oright and early with the annual pancake
and sausage )reakfast at the Legion Hall
sponsored by the Findlay American
Legion and Legion Auxiliary, Clarence
Bixler Post. Breakfast will be served
from 6 a.m..to9 a.m.

The annual 10,000 meter run wil! take
place at 7:30 a.m. Check in time for the
race will be held at 6:20 a.m. Men and
women are welcome to participate in the
event and there is no age limit.

Photo by Pauline Briney
One of the floats for the Findlay Days annual parade was completed earlier this
week. Melissa and Christy Cloyd tried the float out for size and comfort.

:
te

?

Getting ready

Photo by Pauhne Brine,

Don Johnson and Mike Mode have been spending some time getting the stage
area ready for Findlay Days. Several of the contests and the entertainment will
take place on the stage, which is located next to the Findlay American Legion

Hall.

The Findlay Days parade will begin at
10 a.m. Floats and other parade entries
will assemble in the Findlay High Schol
parking lot where the Findlay American
Legion honor guard and the Findlay High
School Marching Falcon Band will lead
off the parade.

Volunteer firemen and emergency
medical technicians of the Findlay Fire
Protection District will show off their
new quarters. The Findlay fire house will
be open for visitors Saturday from 10
a.m. to3 p.m.

From 10 a.m. to 12 noon the weigh in
for the annual Tractor Pull will take
place at the Livergood Grain Elevator.
At 1] a.m. the kiddie tractor pull will be
held. This year there is a $1 entry fee.

At 1 p.m. at the bin site of the
Livergood Grain Co., the tractor pull
competition will start. Nine classes of
tractors will compete in the event.
Trophies and prizes will be awarded.
Jaycees Steve Pflum and Jeff Allen are
in charge of the competition.

OTHER CONTESTS WILL start at 1
p.m. as well. The three legged race will
be held at 1 p.m.; the bubble gum
blowing contest will be held at 1:30 p.m.;
the watermelon eating contest will be
held at 2 p.m.; and the diaper derby will
be held at 3:30 p.m. All to be held at the
Stage area.

A new event has been added this year,
women\[CloseCurlyQuote]s mud wrestling. Several women
have agreed to participate in this event.

At 5 p.m. the members of the Findlay
Masonic Lodge will start serving ham
and beans at the Masonic Lodge. In

| addition to ham and beans, the Masons

will be serving sandwiches and pie.
Another new contest, husband calling
will take place on stage at 6 p.m. Several
women have entered this competition.
The United Methodist Church will hold
a food auction at 6:30 p.m. The auction

will offer the best that Findlay area
cooks and bakers can produce. The
church is sponsoring the first Findlay
Days Bake-Off.

There are over 20 categories including
a variety of cake, cookies, yeast breads,
pies, candies and noodles in the com-
petition. In addition to cash prizes, all
first place prizes will receive a blue
ribbon, and all second place winners will
receive a red ribbon. Baked goods should
be brought to the church by 10 a.m.
Saturday for the competition.

A \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Mr. Legs\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] contest at 7 p.m. will
round out the various contests to be held
on Saturday. The best legs in town will be
on stage to be judged by a panel of
Findlay women!

Local talent will provide en-
tertainment on stage starting at 7:30
p.m., and there is a possibility that a teen

will be held from 8 p.m. to 12
midnight.

Throughout the festivities, Mike
Oldham will act as the Master of
Ceremonies, introducing the en-
tertainment and contests.

The third day of Findlay Days ac-
tivities will include a softball tournament
and old fashioned box supper. These two
activities will be held at the Findlay High
School ball diamond.

Six teams will be competing in the
softball tournament. All of \[OpenCurlyQuote]tie teams
have been spending this past week
practicing for the tournament. This is the
first time that a tournament is being held
in conjunction with Findlay Days.

Findlay Days activities will conclude
with the 6 p.m. old fashion box supper.
All ladies in the community are to bring |
their box suppers to the grass diamond
behind the high school. The suppers will
be auctioned off by Bill Rosine. Each
decorated box must contain food for two
people.

See you there!