RIL... ui vicPRISE

Vol. 98 -- No. 45, Findlay, Illinois 62534

Phone 728-7381 or 756-8551 Friday, November 30, 1984 8 Pages 20C

Typical snow storm
can drop 6\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] of snow

The average severe winter
snowstorm in Illinois will drop six or The part of the state most likely to
more inches of snow over ap experience a severe winter
proximately 7,800 square miles. If 12 snowstorm is an area north of a line

-------------------------------- -- Nn -- sr lc c m OO OO --,

a

developed
from a study of 304 winter storms in Twelve winter storms occurred
Illinois by the Illinois State Water

| | Photo by Pauline Beiney ver at least 5,000 square miles, said other form of short-term severe
A popular fall activity around Findlay these days has been raking leaves and cleaning up yards before winter Steven D. Hilberg, a meteorologist at sian dem including tornadoes
weather séts in. The Brooks family -- David, P , Chris and Kevin -- spent some time recently clearing their the Water Survey. A storm with less lightning, and hail.
yard and disposing of piles of leaves.

| severe if it Etchison, director of the

damages or deaths. Illinois has an Department of Energy and Natural

average of five such storms during & Resources. \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]The most severe period

Last year twelve severe occurred in the last two weeks of

winter storms occurred. The record December, when high winds and

number of storms during a winter is record cold spread over the state. The
18, occurring in both the winter of

Hilberg said the model shows the Provin® Inlormal en
typical severe winter storm moves 7
from WSN to ENE across the state. | Based on long-term records, an
On the average, it begins about 11 4Verage of five severe winter storms
a.m. CST and continues at any point 0CCurs in Illinois during the winter.
for a little over 14 hours. The heavy However, since the winter of 1977-1978
snow area of six inches or more is \[OpenCurlyQuote]he annual average has been 11
found about 75 to 100 miles north of Storms per winter.

Band. concert organized and directed by Professor F(TM) ">> 3% storm is most likely to hit during the primary area for freezing rain.
band, composed of outstanding high Maxine Lefever,a member of Purdue © >> ~~ month of January. There is a 70 The heavy accumulation of ice
. School students from all over the University\[CloseCurlyQuote]s band staff for the past22 ~~ ) percent chance for one or more resulting from such a storm can pull
United States, will tour several years. : storms somewhere in the state that down power and communication
European countries for three weeks § The purpose of the tour is to foster month lines, topple radio and TV towers, and
next July. cultural and personal relationships Most severe winter storms have paralyze the state\[CloseCurlyQuote]s transportation
The son of Ron and Nedra Hash, etween students of the United States their origins in or near Colorado. The systems. The impacts of ice storms
Phillip is a member of the Findlay 904 the people of Europe. storms either form in that area or re- are especially felt in urban areas,
High School band directed by Fritz In the past years, students of the intensify there after crossing the Etchison said.
Wheeler. AMA bands, through their high Rockies from the west. The Water There has not been a very severe
The tour group will visit Paris, Standards of musical excellence and Survey study found that the most ice storm in Illinois since March 1978,

Venice, ®qually high standards of personal damaging storms tend to move from when a two-day storm caused over
leustreck lebberg, renkiort excellence, have indeed served as Colorado into southern Missouri or $50 million in damages. There were
Amaterdem and tandem. fine representatives of American northern Arkansas. They then turn several ice storms last winter, but

youth and as ambassadors of good > northeastward and either move up none caused serious damage. The
Highlights of the tour will include will through their music for [3 » the Ohio River Valley or through biggest storm of the winter of 1983-84
concerts in the concert halls and audiences ' central Indiana. The reason these was the snowstorm on Feb. 27 and 28.
major parks of Europe andatwo-<day phillip will also take part in a storms usually result in so much Five to 15 inches of snow fell over the
visit in the homes of Dutch families. trombone choir at Millikin University damage is that the storm path tends southeastern half of Illinois, with the
Students will visit many sites of during the holiday season. The choir to keep Illinois in the area of heaviest amounts in south-central
musical and historical importance a8 jig directed by Dr. Gary Show of Phillip Hash maximum precipitation for the [llinois. Mt. Vernon received over 20
well as the popular tourist at- Millikin University. Phillip has greatest amount of time, Hilbere inches of snow from the storm.
tractions. studied trombone with Dr. Show for wiht. Pte ct
The American Musical Ani- year college at either Millikin University

bassadors have taken over 280) "Following graduation fromPindlay or Western linois University where /VJgre yvinter information Page 6

outstanding young musicians to High School, Phillip will attend he will major in music.