Find

in the news

Donna and Lori Inyart of Oreana
returned home Sunday evening after
spending ten days in Paris, France.

Mr. and Mrs. Bill Wingo and Mr. and
Mrs. Lloyd Wright enjoyed bowling in
Effingham Saturday.

Mr. and Mrs. Tom Cruit of Shelbyville
visited Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd Wright

grandparents Mr. and Mrs. Gifford
Johnson. Their father Jerry Johnson
joined them for Sunday dinner.

Esther Trigg spent Sunday in Mattoon
with her daughter Mildred Arthur and
family.

Harry and Lucille Armstrong visited
Ernie and Mae McBride Saturday
evening.

Ober and Mary Livergood arrived
home Sunday afternoon after spending
the winter at their winter home in
Sarasota, Fla.

Bill and Eileen Wheeler of Mattoon
called on Ralph and Juanita Graven
Monday evening.

Martin and Loretta Zovko of Frank-
fort, Ill. spent Saturday afternoon with
Ralph and Juanita Graven.

Alma Furr, Florence Gregory, Irene
Lash and Alice Dawdy enjoyed shopping
in Windsor Saturday.

Dicy Dawdy and Darlene Cuttill of
Bethany visited Floyd Cuttill at St.
Mary\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Hospital in Decatur Saturday.
Mrs. Dawdy had supper with Larry and
Darlene Cuttill and family that evening.

Floyd Cuttill and his wife Frances had
just returned to their Decatur home
Tuesday after spending the winter in
Florida

Sylvia Parr, Dicy Dawdy and Cheryl
Roley had lunch with Ruth Eileen Cruit
of Shelbyville Wednesday.

Jack, Linda and Jody Getz spent
Monday through Thursday with Ron and
Judy Dahmer of Milo, Mo.

Mr. and Mrs. James Thomas of Patoka
spent Thursday with their cousins Edna
and Zola Hendricks. The Thomases had
just returned from spending the winter in
Arizona.

Helen Bateman and Mae Butts had
Sunday dinner with Edna and Zola
Hendricks to help Zola celebrate her
birthday. Afternoon callers were Lucy
and Gloria Miner, Katy Orr, Sandra
Huber, David and Winnie Hendricks and
Shirley Hopkins of Herrick.

Dean and Imogene Noffke of Mattoon
and Henry and Amy Biedert spent
Sunday of last week with Verla Henton.

Ruth Younger called on Verla Henton
Sunday afternoon. |

\[CloseCurlyQuote] Pat and Mary Wolf and Jackie spent
the Easter Holidays with Matt and
Shannon Wolf of North Carolina.

Winnie Christerson spent the Easter
weekend with her son Robert C.
Christerson and family of Warrensburg.

Juanita Graven, Joe Voyles and the
Dennis Brown family were Sunday
evening callers at the Ron Cloyd home.

Mike and Debbie Carr and Patrick
spent Saturday evening with the Lonnie
Francisco family.

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 ay, April 15, 1983

The Mike Carr family had supper with Nichols of Shelbyville, Ellen Atkinson of and Cecil and Daisy Armstrong had
the Bob Zakowski family Friday. Findlay and Mr. and Mrs. Paul Sack of Sunday dinner with Carrie Burks.

Margaret Carson returned home Pisinfield. Wayne and Lucille Jeffers and Cecil
Thursday after spending a week with Lynne, Amy, Brad and Troy Stockdale and Daisy Armstrong took Pete and
Ron and Jeannie Finch and family of St. spent Wednesday with Ralph and Juanita Dorothy Sebens of Decatur to the Red
Charles, Mo. Graven. Wheel for supper Saturday night to

;
z
:

Vera Reynolds attended a celebrate Mrs. Sebens\[CloseCurlyQuote] birthday.

daughter Trela Verdin and family of gospel sing in Mattoon Saturday night. Ruby Banks attended the Mother-
Assumption Friday. On Wednesday she Mr. and Mrs. Rick Beem and family, Daughter banquet in Assumption
had dinner with her sister Mrs. Cecil Mr. and Mrs. Jim Scott and family and Thursday evening and spent the night
Gilbert and family of Moweaqua. Fannie Duckett of Shelbyville enjoyed with Mary Ann Eversole. On Friday Mrs.
Paul and Linda Sack of Plainfield were Easter dinner at the home of Gene and Banks and Mrs. Eversole had dinner at
weekend guests in the home of Mike, Marilyn Scott. Guys and spent the afternoon visiting
Cherise, John and Emily Cruit. Gene and Marilyn Scott, and the Rick patients at Shelby Memorial Hospital
Mr. and Mrs. Mike Cruit and Emily Beem and Jim Scott families attended a and the Shelby Memorial Home.
hosted a party for John\[CloseCurlyQuote]s seventh bir- wedding reception in Shelbyville Woodrow and Marjorie Enoch at-
thday Sunday. Attending were Mr. and Saturday night for Mr. and Mrs. Randy _ tended their pinochle club meeting at the
Mrs. Tom Cruit and Mr. and Mrs. Darrell Duckett. Litchfield Airport on Sunday. It was
Roley, Chad and Doug and Melissa § Wayne and Lucille Jeffers of Sullivan sponsored by the Flying Farmers.

sata
a

Poa)
O'S

A kite safety tip from:
Cheryl Allison, age 12, Macomb, III.

A very good tip, Cheryl; it\[CloseCurlyQuote]s always smart to
play it safe when you\[CloseCurlyQuote]re flying your kite.

Here are some other safety tips for kite fliers
of all ages:

Never use wire or metallic twine instead of
regular kite string; they can become direct
pathways for electricity from an overhead line to
you. Matter of fact, even regular string can
conduct electricity when it\[CloseCurlyQuote]s wet.

Use only wood for kite frames, never metal.

If your kite does get caught in overhead
lines, don't try to pull it down or touch dangling
Strings. Call your nearest CIPS office and we'll
help you solve the problem .. . safely.

Pick up a copy of our booklet, -
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Public Safety Around Electrical
Facilities,\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] at your nearest CIPS

Office first ... then you can enjoy
flying your kite .. . safely!

CENTRAL ILLINOIS oy
| PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY

people providing people with energy