Friday, December 7, 1964 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE --FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page 7
Fifth graders re-write Most popular nursery rhymes
One, two She couldn't eat the sky. cockle shells and pretty Had bacon & & again. All the horses all the
ony me \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote] Houchin maids all in a row a ete = jag
Three, Humpty !
Look at the floor Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall 7 Mary, Mary, quite contrary -- Michelle
Five, six Humpty Dumpty had a great fall Mary quite contrary How does your garden grow
In a big fix All the kings horses and all how does your garden glow With golden shells and silver bells Georgie Porgie pudding and tie.
Seven, eight men with golden bills and I don\[CloseCurlyQuote]t know how your garden can Kissed the girls and made them fry.
Swim in the lake had scrambled eggs again and cotton shells and good food grow. When the boys came out to say.
cavemen. again. and something that will flow on by Jessica Robertson Georgie Porgie ran away.
Clayton Brian Stivers 7 Little Boy Blue come blow your
Humpty Dumty sat on the wall. Jack and Jill went up a hill. horn Peter, Peter eater had
Higgiley Humpty Dumty had a great fall. To fetch a pail of worms. the sheeps in the medow the cows in a wife and couldn't keep her.
My black hen All the Kings people andall Kings Jack fell down like a clown. the corn. So he put her in a
She lays eggs horses had scrambled egg all over And Jill came laughing after. Why does the boy have a bannana in shell and there he srrashed her
For gentlemen again. by Tony Sparits hisear? very well.
Sometimes 9 sometimes 10 Joey Howell , Sayth again I cannot hear. David
Higgiley Piggiley Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.
My black hen. Mistress Mary quite contrary Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Keep up with area
Michael Beem How does your garden grow All the kings horses all the kings Humpty Dumpty sat on a doll. SPORTS
: Whith silver bells and men, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. in the ENTERPRISE
Shelaye rocks
=3e Hiding f
Sometimes 1 sometimes none |
ae Iding from
My purple hen.
Michael Beem *
wontons your energy bill
The mouse ran up the clock eee
the clock struck two
The mouse buckled his shoe
by Greg Matlock Sa |
pe
Little Jack Horner sat in WSs
corner |
his Christmas tie Uw vey
He put in his thumb
And took out some gum
and said what a good boy am I. :
Ryan
Mary had a little man,
A little skill, a cake,
An omelet, and some chocalate sky.
Cards of thanks __
My thanks to all my
neighbors

wont solve anything. |

We may be able to help. If you think you're
going to have trouble paying your bill, there's
usually no reason why the problem can't be
worked out. If you foresee a problem, please
let us know.

We have several plans to assist you in
making payments:

. PREFERRED DUE DATE OPTION. If you are
a residential customer on a fixed income, you
may be eligible for this option which extends
for 10 days the normal due date of your bill.

. DEFERRED PAYMENT AGREEMENT. If you
are unable to pay your entire bill at one time,

payments can be arranged.

- ENERGY ASSISTANCE. We can put you in
touch with public and private agencies to see
if you qualify for energy assistance funds.

- THE EQUALIZER. With our level payment
plan, you can make equal monthly payments
throughout the year, helping you plan your
energy costs.

We don't want to disconnect any customer
for non-payment. Neither of us benefits in that
situation. So, please get in touch with us...
before your bill becomes past due...

We're here to help you in every way we can.

CENTRAL ILLINOIS ay
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY

people providing people with energy