pihe Enterprise. | coset sey = ter
; WILLIAM L. JONIS, Eanor championship, The fight was won by

__ 2 punch while Fitzsimmons was
FINDLAY, iLL iNOS,

speuking, and after Jeffries wan had-
ly ponished and given up by aypecta-
Lote.

The prize fight in San Franciveo
netted Jamen Feeles $14,346 and Firz-
simrons $9.50.

The percentages of the baseinell
clubs in the American league for the
wwok ended Joly 27 were: Chicago,
81; Phitalelphia, $67; Boxton, 554;
S&. Bonin, 523; Wanhingfae, 075:
Raltimore, 498; Clevelunil, 446; Wa-
trokt, .422. :

The Goutd and Cassatt interests are
on the verge of the greates? railroml
war in hintery.

The army has issued ormlers requic-
ing all military prisoners to be xnp-
pifed with proper and decent clothing.

Pension Commissioner Were ix ax-
toxished by the fleod of applications
for pensions Yrom veterans of the
Spanish-Ameriran wir.

The twentieth century exprexs on
the Xew York Central rad ran from

---- eee

: 3) 4) Si 6] 7| 8] OF

1011 12 13/44] 15/163
217,18 19 20, 21,22)23 3

Da Bs 26 27

A WEEK'S RECORD

\[OpenCurlyQuote]a Syracuse to Albans, 147 miles in 129

j minutes, breaking the Tust time
E All the News of the Bast Seven) record. >

RY mn & quarrel near Vaneebury. Ke.

x Days Comslomset Sack and Ive Deer and Horace Dick-

i, =e jason killed each other,

- " A eemmalttee of anti-imporintivts in

¥ HOME AND SOREION ETEMS @ Commuiurnivatinn te the presitenz re~

vives the chargea of army cruelty in

2 Bews of the Tnthestrial Field, Personal eis weenie see action to

tee ye she Ss £0 Stic.
azul Potitival Items, Hagpenings Frank Carisen anit tiourge Ealdwir.
A nt Home ami Alrond. each th vexrsald, fuughy with fist< orer

|

iwe girls wt Porttind, Ore. rad Cari<on
way kitted.

A oenshy report on the pecking: in-
dustry shows thut Ws coneerns hove
been drixen ont be We enmponics in
ten veurs.

The anthracite miners heren the
tleventh werk of the -trike anve tht
Aperaters cunnot geb sk ithe! emplesy oy
io treme work. '

Rey, James M. Girnycaf Basten, speak
j jug in Chicngo, says that the tkpor
traiile fn Anuerivn ts bevend the aon-
trol of man.

Three negroes hace heen ixnched
within the last fow days by mots hunt-
ing for the murderer of Chicf of Molice
Wilmoth, of Wonwledor?, W. Va. :

Striking telegraph miessenyer hovs
wen their fight in Chicuge, their de-
mands being praeticully acceded to by
the telegraph officials.

THE SEWS ERUM AGG THE. WORLD
DOMESTIC,

The stesp Loytl pelle @apsixed
at Thordertn iz, tis., aml Cape. Caid-
er's father and avother. wife and in-
Zant dangiter were drowned.

A Pon-Hamiice Menited train was
wrecked mear Newin, (h, wud three
Passtugrrs were barned to death in
& steeping car and the engineer aid
fireman were killed,

Peeshlent Kuasevelt reviewed a brig-
ade of the New Jersey national guard
at Sea tiirt and delivered no address
eulogizing «itizen soldiery as the mn-
tion's main dependence in thne of war,

Wichand Mullen, aged 33, & Cincin-
nati fremun, in a jenious rage shot hin
wife, agree 17, and then shes his twe-
year-old baby.

Edward Thilbrook, one of the lnrg-
eat cnttl owners of eaxtern Montana,
was drowned in the river acar For
sythe, Ment.

Judge Jackson, at Parkersburg. W,
Va., sentenced to jail six eval strike
lenders for viniation «f ap injouetinn.
Saapeusien was granted In the case

Peeve ee?

Naphplhe <15% ahd rerio henna omen:
ERI § My Pimrintrcstotrnlit as vi. ~

PRASENAL AN POLITE AL,

Town dentocrats have samiratetl
John FB. Heewe far congress from the
Sixth district.

Wiliam J. Beyan, in an address ot
the bamyoet ef the New Eughiwd
Demucratic Leagm: of Nantasket.
Mass. declared auainxt concessions

Bea reas oon

ast

Lagos Weitiwrtaann aaa

¢ \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Mather? 4 5 : to nren whe lft the dem cratic
° t x 5 :
Lis \[OpenCurlyQuote]i ¢ Othe eee t re babe party, ant rmngounced that ronetite-
or , : 2 » a ~
ey oe EE Re eeler ys: os amd conquest are the only micas
Treasurer Wilsem of The miners

for beimeing wheut harmueny.

The North Dakota republicans hare
repemituted Frank White fer gos-
errr.

Hoyal Blists Rebhins, founer nf the
Ameriean Walthats Wateh company,
Wirt at Beverly. Mars. sged i yeare.

Taaar W. Knowles. <3 pears olf. the
Oldest Citiven of Bost Liverpacd, O. and
the oldest and innst pronduen! pottery
manufacturer in America, died ty Mon
tvello, Cal.

i. S. Crom, United states marshat
for Katxas, died at his home ia Os-
Weg.

Blibn Kont, xerrutary of ear, will
open the Republican campaign ta Hli-
Bois by a specch at Peoria Sept. 24,

James Kennedy has been nominused
for eongress by republicans of the
Eighteenth Ohio district.

itt. Kev. @, W. Barawell, bishop of
the Episcopal diccese of Alabama, ied
at Seima.

The inventory of \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Potter Palmer's
extate, filed in the probate court in
Chicago, shows he wes worth 37,996,-
Tea ah,

Mrs. Plizabeth Tadd, of Tintds Sta-
tien, fal. hax pansed her one hin-
dred amd second birthday.

Dy. Chartes Kendall Adams, former-
| ix presifent of the University of Wis-
beaonrin, diced fa Redtand=. (nl. aged 67
years.

union.

Harry Traces. the tugitice Oregon
consivt appeared at a loging camp
near Niut-a-kat, Wasb,, aid got din-
ner

Witttie 4, Naddeak. for oS years see
Reiage vi the beard of regents of the
University of fowa wr towa City, has
Festive? bees of MD bedi he.

President Mitebell, of the Unhted

Workers. sayx the anthracite

-~<

Pare

ote i

ao em ee

eae iS

co

Mint
Totter: WHi cwntinue thelr strike and
WHT soon Appest te the public.

A cloufinrs: did 230,000 damage anil
drove 20 familles Trem their homes at
Watertan. fa.

A pertivn of Lacy fevee at Havana.
TIL, wae wished away by food waters
of the lined river: and 123,600 acres
of tand were inumlated,

Tiere is much curiosity in naval cle-
lea over p remarkable device which
is plaved in the water to detect ap-
proach of warships.

Naval Pay Inspector Arthur Peter-
SOn resignel) rather than azecept sea
duty.

Seeretary Mauody says piere eom-
mivsioned oMcers are needed to prop-i
erly man warships new ino cummis-
Sinn.

The order proviling new uniforms
for the army will ge into effect Jan-}
wees 1. Et makes mimervus and raek |
pales a ees Gens: S65 | Awpi Mam Mari, a native of India,

"The hare of vidlating the Gess! ee in Sun Prancicee at the gape of

ee oe te - c= 3 weurs. .
Workers has been dropper. fnr an aif-bin were Tecenty Krabi,

A ftnod in the Diane asd utheenis-{ 0°? Ot Imliapapolis.
ers in Texax has inundated many FOREIGN,

Rea and great damage has been} phe suttan of Hendayan hos been ar-

rere . : rested and will be held as hostage ull

sane ee ate ve the Moroa wh» attacked Americans in
vk 8 heen purcha: iy

Cs D : Mindanao island are surrendered.
Union Pacific Railroad company. Dr. Leyds and others nut of African
A eloudburst aear Drewes, X. Y.

; birth whe fought against the Hritixh
dit great dumage to tropy and sev-/ will net be allowed to return to South
eral buildings were wrecked.

Africa.
Cont shafts were floxed, bridges

. Adjutant general's statistics show
carried away and crops ruined by 8] 2.561 engugements fought in the Phil-
sterm near Irwin, Pa.

ippines; 69 officers and 9365 men died
Fire in Albany, %. ¥., destroyed

of wountls, and 47 officers and 2.595
property Yalued at over $500,000 and | men of disease.
one fireman was killed and one fatal-| \[OpenCurlyQuote]The steamer Windward sailed from
ly injured. Sydney on ity voyage to the northern
Southern Methodists will endraror | seas.
te raise a $5,000.008 endowment fund,| A native atenmer eepsized im the
the interest to zo te superannuated | Weet river In China end 200 persons
ministers, wklows ard orphans. were drowned. et
The first German theater building \[OpenCurlyQuote]our American men teachers who
in Chicngo was destroyed by fire and | were lost in Cebu ixinnd, Philippines,
another landmark has passed. were murdered by ladrones. \[OpenCurlyQuote]They
3. Plerpont Morgan, throngh his | had been missing since June 20. °
gon, denies the report that the big| \[OpenCurlyQuote]Three men beid up a train an the
shipping combine may never be con- | Mexican Central toad near Rermejills
Summated. and robhed the express car of $53,000.
A strike of track Jayers om the} Canade i« extremely anxious that
eTown & Sr. Louis railread hes gone | British ambassadors at Washingtun
into effect at Centerville, Ia. ahall hereafter be Canadians.
The percentares of the basehall The German steamer Prineess Irene.
¢labs in the Xativsal lengue for the | which sailed from Napies for Manitn.
week ended July 26 were: Pittsburg,

teok smong her passengers Gov.
255; Brookicn. 282; Chiengo, 355; Taft, Judge Smith uni Seeretary Car-
Floston, 532; St. Louis, 463; Cineia-

penter.
bath,..438%; Philadelphia, 120; New

¥

in ee

ane
ase

me

Dr. Sellim, of Vienna, who im ex-
ploring Palestine, hax discovered the
walls and gateway of the ancient
temple of Solomon Im the ncighhor-
hood of Jasoheb. in Samaria.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]temporarily insane Mrs. Ex-

. etneer. exes 19, killed her hus-
3 eeli-at Woodsficki, O.

Jefities defeated Fitznimmons inj Great Britain anfi Japan have ef

tered jnte ae agreement
Corea support amd alt
¥ormer British

pledging,

returning

SHOCKS ARE SEVERE. |

priswaers
t South Africa will be required to | Berthquates ie Caliieraia, Nobranka |

hare at leust 100 before they wilh
be allowed to baud.
The Jnpanexe goverameot has noti-

Hed the United states yevernment ! gepate = Punte Syoeg the Residents | Of th* Rational guard organizations
ther it ta» uturted a warship to seize j

Marcus island, claimed by the latter
om the discovery of Andrew Rowhill
im 1693.

France faces a big revolt, clizens |

being fo artes behind borrleaies to
résiat the government's determina-
tien te imine the schools of reRgious
ovdeds whiek have nevt comptiond with
he low en oesocintionn

King Edward is much betier, but
in not yet able te walk ov stand.
~ Venezuelan troops under Gen. Rap-
tista were defeated hy insurgents un
der Mandvcu.

In a speech at Paarl, Cape Colony,
Gen. Botha eald hat all of South f-
riea was Under one fig. but cheat the
Boers had sot hern vanquinhed.

--------e

BATER.

London is stirred by alarming Pe
orm about the condition of King Bde
ward. The report that he faves o
seromd operation appears te by welk
Sounded,

Arthar Metauler {colored wae
hauged by a meb at Chipley. Ga.

ev. SO} Mitchell, a Baptist min-
ister of Louiscille, while visting his
brother-itinw near Velvington, Ky,
wae Kitleil fe fight ning.

A memorial areh is tea he creeted
im Baltimore to conzacmorete the
achievement of Advwiral Sehiloy,

Niesragee bus vemmeatead che death
sentenes of Dr, Hnsselb Witsots,
Qihie, who was exptrred with a tere
Tatinnist grees.

Warrants for 0 winers. elxetging |
prantengpt, were serured byom Dnitedd

States artorcey at Charivtem, WL Va,

Rarthquakes were Plt in Nebraxka,
Wextern tows. South Dakotas and Cali-
fornia, causing fright and doing seme
teagan,

Charles FE. Gavalior, North Dakota's
Olest settler, ded at Pembina, aged 54
years,

dames dt. Maynant, foriner editor of
the Indianapolis Sentinel, and for

newspaper nen in Indiena, died in far
dinsmpolis, aged 92 senrs,
Six hutideed yonne gir committed

slaves.

A storm in New York city caused one
denth, danigged towers ond
Steepics, nod flanded the new raid
transit tunnel,

fa Brookiva, No ¥, died ina hospital,
were killed.
BOR Nbeep and fonts.

follosing criticisms of Gen. Lragyr.
Johu Wise, un terre whe committed
an axsralf ypon Mrs. Jehn Smith. a

a nods tear Pembroke, Gn.

bly fetally shot in an election quar
rel in Camulon, NF.

ALM. Rothschitd, founder of the A.
M. Rothschild Mereantite
and Inteds ify president, she,
kites) himeedf at his residence
Chicayo. I health was the eause.

MINOR WEWS ITEMS.

The Bulgarian minister of com-

vines.

nity imstalluents, aggregating $90,-
060,000

funl Morton, at Chicago, predicts

harvesten.
The papers of an onarchist from

discloxe a plet ft) nxsas-irate King
Vielor Emmanvel.

George Wyodham. in the British
commons debate on the [rich question,
satd Trish indostry cannot revive on-
til seial proseriprion ends.

Texas ferrr bas broken out among
the native cattle of southern Wapsas
and at Dexter over a bundred bead
hove died within the past few doys.

Enitesd States District Judge Thom-
gs P. Howley has annougred his candi-
Gacy for United States senator from
Nevada, to sueceed] Senator Jones.

Court Chamberlain von Morawskt
counsels Kaiser Wilhelm aot to at
tend atmy manenvers in Posen. fear-
ing the antipathy of the Poles,

The antarctic steamer Morning,
purchased hy the Royal Geographical
aociety as a relief ship for the Disene-
ers. hax sailed from London for Vie-
turin Land,

of.

many youre one of the ost prominent

anickhy ja China rather than hecome
chureh
Mrs. Mary Mende who murdered her

children, Alice vind Mary, at-their home

Aagyeline destroyed many villiges in
the Philippines and a aomber of Moros

Unktuown miscreants visited ranches
in Orezon ind Cslornde and killed over

The presitent is considering the
comploint of Cuba whick Ware made

young white woman, was hand by

Vagifist \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]dee Ciatitiend wie proba-

company
ami .
im!

inerme amt agriculture bas forbidder |
the importation of Amerivan grape- |

fireat Reritain hay proposed to the
powers to relieve Ching of 80 indem- |

that an enormens corn evop, which |
may reach 2.500,000,000 bushels, will he |

Paterson. SN. 7.. arrested at Dra, fraly,

and Hows,

of w Geegi Many Towrieo, Red
Avid Daw.exe Cawmord
to Sviehe.

|
Lompoc, Cal. July 23.--Lompec val-
experienced a uerere enrihquake
shock at 10:50 Suniuy night. At that
time a violent xhock was felt which
janted fally 3¢@ seconds and was so
Severe tha: dishes, clocks, hanse
Plants, of, were threwa frome
ohelves, upwetting furviture ond other
@xticles, The people were atcicken
with terror amt rar from their
\[OpenCurlyQuote]houses, some fearing to feturs,
as other lighter shocks contin-
wed for seteral huura  after-
; wank Another heavy shiork was felt
at tite a.m, and ane at Tl a.m, A
j lorwe water tank was knocked over,
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]the carth cracked nt many «different
places, and the Santa Ynes river bed
Glightiy changed ut places.
f Water Mieves trum Wiener,

Sani Werhara, Cul. duly w--
Meague miviers reecived) Trew Los
; Mantes, 45 milen nerth of tia pave,
\[OpenCurlyQuote]sepert that an unnuually severe alock
of earthynake evcorred Sunday
Sight at obout Jt wolnck, deing
Gamage to the property of the West-
ern Union OH company at the Nor
venga wells estitnated af From 312,500
te 35.00) At Harris station, on the
Faitruad, a fissure Is reported to have
oped, and team it a stryunn of wa-
ter twa feet deep aml ty feet wile is
mene Howling. Astight shock of earth-
guake was felt in Santa Rarhura
shortly before Lt aelork, but ne dane
are was lone,

At her Foiwis,

Sante Maria, Cat. July 29.---A heavy

\[OpenCurlyQuote] shock of earthquake was felt here at

80:30 eetork Sunday night. The vi-
7 brations were from Hast fo went, amd

lasted 45 seconile. Old timers ory it wi
j the heaviest shock ever felt here. Near
i Los Mamos, a few milli from here, a
; formerly dry creck bed is gow a cuxh-
ing: stream,

San Lex Obispo, Cal, tule 20.--Twe
distinc! earthatake shocks ware ex-
perienred here Sunday night, Phe first
aml heavivat lasted three seconds. The
general direction of disturbance was
Cast anil west.

Post im Theee Mater.

Omaha. Neh. July 29.---An earth-
quake shock, which vas general over
portions of Nebrasks, wevtern lows
and South Dakota, awenrred shortly
before one ocloek Monday. Uhe «cis-
wie disturhances were felt af a larize.
gumber of towns i the three states
thd foxtexd from ten i) 93 seconds,
No shimagre bas bron reported thus
far, nihoigh the shock wus aahereut
to rattle diskhow and affect toh tiw-
ers Tn nem: places, Warktun (5. 0)
yeports n slick of J2 seconds\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] dura:
tien; Sauter ogenes, in corthery Ne
braska, teperts the oeeurrenice of a
ike godt tattle Creck, Neb. was
shaken for 26 seeomls. The sfisturh-

anes was inure plainiv felt at the tit-
ter plawe thin any others which hase
thas far reported. In this city the
shake was bantly discernible and fe
people knew of sacha thing until the
wenther Inireuk reported on Monday

night.
Tnovicwe ies \[OpenCurlyQuote]Sewrar.

j At the Santee fodinm agentes eeseral
pSshorks were felt, They were adeom-
| panied by deep rumblings. On the
\[OpenCurlyQuote]tinahs aml Winnebago revervation
, the earthquake terrorized the fndinges;
who had never experienced anything
of the king, The Indiqns were hold-
cing frativitiex in honor «f visitars
from the todian Territory. Ninidredy
were gathered in the bir tent when
the shocks come. Prighs cebwd the
@utbering aul the dances were braken
Bp. \[OpenCurlyQuote]These apencine are not far from
Monat fonta, Nebraska's soleane. amt
the Indiat< immediniele cave shat
immoeuvntain the credit. for the distirh-
ance.

Twe hand

\[OpenCurlyQuote]

;

i
t

ain

cel towns felt the distarb-

anees. Among thor reporting the
hardest shechs ore Tilden. Omneil.
Petershurg. Elgin. Qakeinks Bartle

Creck, Norfith, Ewing. Neligth. Kan-
| delph and Cleurwater,

Ratio Nene Murt-oe-Prigien,

Washing:on, July .- Acting Secre
tary Hill hax reeeisert the following
cahlegram from United States Min-
inter Papell, dated) at Port-au-Prince,
Momiay: Gen, Colin ett Port-an-
Prius yesterday morning with 2.ot
meen te repel Firmin\[CloseCurlyQuote]s army, which
was tanded from the Martian naval
vessel commanded by Admiral Kil-
liek. After a skirmish which ensurd,
the forces of Firmin meirented to the
warship. Colin returned ty the city
yesterday afternoon, The infarme-
\[OpenCurlyQuote]tion is that 2) were killed and 60

wottwll, The number killed on the
| other skle was still unknown.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

i

S Yealeatte Carge.

The Moore interests in the Kock fe-; Seattle, Wash, duly 24----tne mil-
land railroad will make $40.000.006 lien dollars in (rensnre wan hrought
by the propused exchange of the) by the steamship Roanuke, whieh ar-
road's $75,000,100 capital conversion: rived fron: Nome anil St. Michaels
of the latter inte new bonds. | Memtay. This ix the fargest ship-

The treatment of Cuba by congress, ment from the Nome digszingsy this
hee caused the president to order the | seannn.
abandonment of the naval station
near Havana, the administration be-
ing uneilling te ask favors of the new

Plames ia a iricen,

Leavenworth, Kan., duly °9.--fire
destroyed the shoe factory at the
republic. state penitentiary Monday night. The

The airship contests at the St. Louis) flames were discuvered at 3 o'churk
exposition. announced by the commit-: and aftct two hours" werk were under
tee, will he for $150,000 prizes; $5.000. coptral. Leis about 320,000, Uause
offered for the aeronant landing near- | apknown.
ext the Washinston menument at the

patienal capital Odessa, Raysia, July 20--Fhe corn

fireufars have been issmed by the ! pectic hax atone tmmense damage to
managenrent of the St. Pant read ag- qhe crops in many districts in the
nouncing the opening wf ten new | eovernment of Kherson amd ia a

towns alung the Mankato and Far- | turee urea of Ressarabla. Two hum
minston onl the Musestine and Rut-

tecge cut-olfs,

Pent Bamages Crops,

aged.

@red thousand actes beve bees tar

\[OpenCurlyQuote]

« ;
\[OpenCurlyQuote]

ROT ENCOURAGING. TO SAVE MUM IMPRACHED,

TGA oesOmas Polpe Cw Lwie Aekond-| CaiteR Rime Yeeisers tw Bogiw Pace
Bure of Mitts as Romy Mauew~ ceedings Lemiwal Adige deeisc

vers at Pert Atier, Kaw, Rie OF Weed Fiestas,
Washington, July 29--According t0| gudianapotie, Ind, Iuty 28. --~ He

prement indications very few if aay i peackmen: proceedings wilt be insti-
jeeted by the Cnited States Mine
of the «arions «intes will participate | Workers of Amorics aguiuat federal
tg the proposed extensive maneuvers | Judge Jackson, whe isawed an injurte-
uf the regular army at Port Riley,! thon agninst Went Virginia nteikers
Kan. the tutter part of September. : andl sont five agitators to Juil tor al-
Karty im July, Adjt. ten. Corbin o@- | jegnd siolation of hia order. Tho\[CloseCurlyQuote]
dewased a lvgter to the guveraors of | miners\[CloseCurlyQuote] leaders declare chey have muf-
the virions tates gud territories golem proof to hwpeneh Fudge Juek-
culling attention to the proymedt ma! som. sd it tx prohahbe that the in-
aouvers und xuggesting the desivabit * peachment proceedings will be begue
ity of the participation ehereia af pom i the jnllge, after o Anal hear
the mathonal guard, A inrge nusabet ; fag, refuses to disnlve the injine
of replies have heen woveived) abrendly, | give y
but in aw single imtanre has ther) Seevetary Wilsom admitted Sat
heen n prsitive aceepionce tu pmrticl- | ghat ¢he miners contemplate this
Montans ancl Nebraska salt\[CloseCurlyQuote] gourse, sod thet e complete tramseript
that the giurermorn were theent and) ef dhe case, including the complainta
that no fommal action had heen taker! ged Fudge Jackson's devigiow, will be
on the invitation, The nee or\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] ved for submission to President
lows aaki that the matter was stil! Roosevelt and the kenate. The miners
wnior wixiierntion ty whe whee ai- | alen Ustemd? to give to the pullin whe
thoritivs. Poxftive declinatives to al-; evidence in the ease.
teal were reveivedt from the govert-| Wlsan saya that if the impeachanont
ore of the following-named mates: | proceedings are begun, there will be
Vermont, New Jersey, Mahan, Titi} ge polities in them. The miners will
awik, Georgia, New Hampabire, Fndl-| not auk President Rensevett to fater-
fen, Lonisiana. Misxourl, Nanear,! fore with the Injumtion, ae he says
Rentucks, Maine, Michian, Mary-; they realize the president is without
fand, Khinke txtond, Arizona: Washing. | power a2 to injunctions, bap of the
tom, North Dakota, Wyoming, fdwbo, | habeus corpus atings Zaitte re-
Mew Mexico and South Dakeia, the | lense the aaaieie the president wilk
Waser fn ene enxe Heing vtatert as! he msteal te pardon them, The habeas
hivk ef fonds. Althoigh they will nog j corpus proceedings will be begaw ae
he representisd by bodies of troops! goanas the papers can be made ont,
the follawing-rmmed states with bo, Wine Workers officials beHeve the
weprescuted at the coming maneuvers erisix in the authyacite coal strike
by offfeers, seneraRy the sdiuriont will came within the next two weeks,
general: Vermont, Sew Jersey, indi: The reat jest of the strength of the
ana. Lowisieas. Nawcas, Misxermet. \[OpenCurlyQuote]operators will come vehon the supply
Minine, Mivkigan. Maryhind. Arizona. of ford coal in the market is exhsent-
Winhs. New Moexieo. North Phuketas ed, This situation promines te duvel-
Feopssleania and Connvcticat. Mb op within two weeks at the outsile
the rerernors heard from commend pad prolekly within a few days
the selene. | Acstortage: of 11,120,289 toms dram
ae enna g tinal yenr's wipply exiuts im the am-

WOULD RETURE TO WORE. thraciic purket, and the seppiy om

Bork Minera Wi iReqornd Permatas, Ded has prectivally bren exhaested,
aber ak Maewmtiwe Beem rain A few day will lenve the eaxtern
NSttewthon Meteor, market tarren. This wih mean the
test of the unity of the operator,
Wilkesbacre, Un, Jatx 29.--it is Whether they will be able to nesiot
Giierstnl the yuck miners will pre \[OpenCurlyQuote]the demands that will be made ow
seni a potitivn te thir vxecative bonrd | them frogs mannfacterers and the
of the Mine Workers\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] ubion request-) pabtic gearrally is the question. The
ius permission te return to work.: miners ghink they will mot.
Ti ix said the employment of this| Indinnapetia, Ind. Fniy 28-~At the
class of anthravite miners woukd tot l mine wirkers national headquarters
a the ee e tke Kani it fs annwuneed that no time wilt be
ee Mitesh af ete avin \[OpenCurlyQuote]fost in qreedhii: the hahene carpe
of the Oniord volliery of their in-| Preeertiugs in the melease of mirm-
tention th resume operations Augiwit hera of the ornanization arrested w-
2 is Weing discussed here, bok x yor idee the evtet of Imige Fackava, of the
there be nw evidence om the part of United States district court at Park-
the Wroming operators to take vim- | orsburg, W.Va. Seeretary Wilson ox
Har action. The opinien prevails; plained another point in the alners®
Mroughiut the region tht there will! cane in which he will hase thetic chia
be no attempt to break the strike! te he sot fee. Accorling to Mi Wie
before September 4, som, nok one of the men arrented wae
Didianapetix, Ind, July 20:--Seere-| proved to have made any speeches,
fare Wilson, of the Miners, <ail ees infsamastery or otherwise, aftar
jay that the anthracite men ate being | Judge Jackson's pentrainiing order ~~
pwaelt exred fer, although the ascess-] was issn,
pment of the datnminuns ainers is fast Wilkeshurry, Pa,, Taly 24,--The be-
hegiening ty pome in He ders nett eiyming of dhe eleventh week of the
expect the tulhoof the first assexsmwenl) anthracite miners\[CloseCurlyQuote] athe flnds- ap
Brel test week, beenise ment af the parently no change in the situation,
miners ure pott semiamathic, The] attiough the momer hax Seon revived
clevical feree at headquarters was lo-) ¢hat an effert will he made «ame day
ereanerdt Monday to handle the funds. this week, upon the part of one of

The winers sev muking an appeal tol the large companies, ty staré ap one
bite members af the American Feder! of their callierien, \[OpenCurlyQuote]The morrpon bey
tation af dachor, which practivally | hare i sufficient miumber of coal and
famonnts ta a direct appeal from the | jean policemen enlinted maw to. pre-
officers of the Federating. ie trewhte, shwwht it arise, aud alf

The habesx corpus proceelings fort ehae wenld he esi tp gah
the releau: of the men imprisoned for! mine de operation wotld be s wufit-
Violating Judge ticksun's injumetinn | eloet nember of minecs and laborers
are being prepured. No steps will hei go Blast the enal and ford i¢ om whe
taken toward impesebing Judge Jack-| ears, No donb? plesty af ordinary ia-
gon, Secretary Wilton says, until the} porers could be secured, but i ix a
baheax corpus tases are dinpnsed wf. question whether the nequlalte muay-

ber of miaera cnwkd be persuaded to

FOUR KILLED. gm fate the workings. At strtce head

Report of Cighe Ketworm Whtors ant) WArteTs the belie? ix ae strong as:
%e. oo Prat te Rnditne ever that the operaters cannot ne-
tegniters. see oped that it bs tile alk to evrm

: suggest soch 9 thing. Prevident

Joplin, Mo., Joly 29.-- Four men, twe| Mitchell sheply says thet the sitwa-
whites unl two negroes, are reperted | thew i about the same and that the
to hate been shet aud killed on «a Mis-} eteikees ave os firm em ever.
sonrt. Kanoss & Tres, oxcnrsion train
at & point in fudian territory daring
the wight, The neprroex ure sakl to
hate bern shot down hy the whites,
whe were in turn shet and killed hy
depury sheriff, whee wis avcoinpatsing
the excursion. Ne names aad pe fur- macs
ther partiewlars hase been received, Washington, July 23.--Senor Cores,
The exeursion wes run inte Joplin the Nivaraguas inininter, Seturday in-
from Maskuges Sunday not several | formet Acting Seeretary of State
fizht. eceurred in this city among the, Hill that hiks Kevernmrnat has necept-
Paosengers before the traig departed | ea the ainixter\[CloseCurlyQuote]s recommendation
for heswuth. \[OpenCurlyQuote]Phere were nuiny tough | telative te the postpourment of any
characters on huatd amtall were drink- | Htal measnres in the en: off Br. Rua-
ing. nel} Witham, the American enptured'
with a Mibustering ports near iMue-
fietds, until ai of the rights which he
hax wader the jaw bave been invoked.
Purthermorr, President Relgye
shows the confidence he felt im bis
minotier here by indicating his pas-
pexe to be howad in the Smal diaponi-
tium of Withon\[CloseCurlyQuote]s case by the minie-
ters recommendation.

As Sesater Henna hes ees
that Wilson was in Chicage im 1290).
by way of controverting the stute«
ment that he wre engaged im a form
mer yeritetion fs Nicaragua, Seune
Curee tise expinined to the state de-
periment that the rereiution re.
ferred te was in preceding year,
rssh, and Wi *% participation
Sherrie wax absolutely eatablinhed.

Fiveanm Ktited,

Tytler. Tex., July 22.--The anwth-
bonod Intersational aud tireat North-
pointed directar of commerce, This | #F7o passenger traiu was wrecked Le s
after was fleet hestewed upen Li waskeut three miles south af White
Hung Chang Shortly before his deuth,' Homse. The engine was telescoped hy
It was Intemded to make if am impor whe tender, Firemsa Walker. af Mines
tant baresa, but phe aries at jury | lm, was killed, and Engineer Weight,
@iction of the attic were never de.) of Palestine, injured.
rs | Maes Paris, July 25a dispated from

° \[Euro]yelaee oF t ris, --A. dispar

Maniln, "Inte en eptiens ag i Brazzaville, French Congo tereitory, to
Camp Vieary on Saturday jast caused | She Temps, yays Yuspebivr Lalnglaire,
much loxk of property, Many ril- ; Comumnaniiing the police in the French
lages were destrayed, and a number | TOBE, Bas been $34 by Bae»
of Moros killed, tives, near Libsprilie, =

*

%

STAYS HARD OF DEATH.
Nieavaswe itewdn tho Ipyral of Paired
Somtem Im Weim? of Ker.
Bwoeeki Wilaam,

Will Iie Gest te Hasiliea.

Washington, nis 24.-The war de
partment referred the onder contatn-
ing the president's ammesty proefa-
mation af duly 2te the navy lepart |
mnt, expecially inviting attentina ter}
the Pilipine prixmers in fiuam. S-
reply bas been reveived frogs the navy |
department sasing that the governor
nf Certain wilt he motitied of the prest-
dent's proclamation and the prison-
ers rvleanedd to any war degurtment
transpert authorized te retarn them
te the Phllippines, ine of the army
transports will be sent to Manila by
the way of tizam aod all of the pris-
oners whe take the oath of allegi-
ance to the United States wil? he re-
turned te the Phiippioe infamedy.

Director af SDinrre Commesnn,

Peking, July 29.-Chang Chi Tung,
ticeroy of Monakow, has been ap-

----