Friday, March 4, 1983 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page 5

ie |
with third place trophy

The Findlay Grade School sixth grade squad beat Findlay by a score of 36 to 26,
Redbirds have completed their season by but the game was much closer than the
indicated.

Bethany Invitational Tournament last § The Redbirds held Lovington to only
week. The Redbirds competed in three three second quarter points and held
games during the course of the tour- them scoreless in the third quarter. Had
nament. Findlay shot just a little higher per-

In a game played Monday, Feb. 21, centage, the upset bid might have been
Findlay beat Moweaqua by a score of 29 successful.
to 21. Fred Tippitt had 18 points for the © Members of the Redbird squad scoring
game. He scored 14 of those points inthe in the Lovington game were Tippit with
second half, and he really played an 12 points, Uphoff with six points, Sad-
excellent two quarters of basketball. doris with six points and Wildman with
Complementing Fred's excellent effort two points.

7. were Troy Coleman with two points; Friday night, Findlay squeaked out a
Third lace Travis Wildman with four points; Craig 37 to 36 victory over Sullivan to capture
p . roots Pasnetene, SAddoris with three points and Craig third place in the tournament. Scoring in
The Findlay Grade School sixth grade Redbird squad received the third place trophy Uphott with two points. ; this game were Tippitt with ten points,
| : Wednesday night the Redbirds lost in Wildman with two points, Uphoff with six
from the 16th annual Bethany Invitational Tournament. Members of the teamin- the cacond round of the tournament to the points, Coleman with 12 points and

cluded Troy Coleman, Fred Tippit, Travis Wildman, Craig Uphoff, Craig Saddoris, team that eventually won the tour- Saddoris with five points.
Darin Oakley, Todd Wooters, Mitchell Mentz and Jason Winings. nament. The Lovington Grade School The Redbirds have extended their
thanks to John Love and Herb Bricker,
et Jr. for refereeing all the home games
, this season. They have also extended
their appreciation to both fifth and sixth
grade parents for their support -- and

tion.

Finally, a thank you has been extended
to the grade school staff for treating the
fifth and sixth grade teams and
cheerleade.\[CloseCurlyQuote]s to hamburgers and french
fries at Findlay\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Finest Restaurant.
Donkey basketball
game to be March 13

A donkey basketball game will be held

to benefit the Findlay Ambulance
District. Findlay\[CloseCurlyQuote]s emergency medical
technicians are holding the benefit game

to raise funds for additional equipment.
The game will be held at 2 p.m. Sun-
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote] Photo by Pauline Briney Gay, March 13 in the Findlay High School
R edbir d Cheering the Findlay Grade School Redbirds this past season was the job of these six gym. Competing will be the EMT\[CloseCurlyQuote]s and
girls. Members of the Redbird Cheerleading squad are (back row, from left to right) firemen, Jaycees and Jaycettes, and
cheer leaders Beth Chapman, Missy Knierim, Amy Walters, Julie Livergood and Lisa Beery, (inthe  Semlors and faculty of Findlay High

front) Lori Riley. ) School.

29th ANNUAL BETHANY FRESHMAN-SOPHOMORE

INVITATIONAL BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT
Maroa-Forsyt

Sat., Feb. 26
1:00 P.M

Moweaqua Tues., Mar. 1
Niantic-Harristown 0PM.

Sat., Feb. 26
2:30 P.M.

Iliopolis Thurs., Mar. 3 hampior
Findla 8:00 P.M.

Sat., Feb. 26
6:30 P.M.
Macon Tues., Mar. 1
Blue Mound 8:00 P.M.
Sat., Feb 26
8:00 P.M.

Bethany

" Frosh-soph team in tourney

- / If any of the teams that win Saturday is The Findlay Falcons Freshman-
Varsity Cheerleaders | veils tis aia ie from a regional champion school on the Sophomore team will play Macon on
th varsity level, the second round games Saturday, Feb. 26 at 6:30 p.m. in the

Findlay varsity cheerleaders made their last appearance Thursday night at the: will be played on Thursday, March 3, opening round of the Bethany Freshman-
Regional Tournament. The squad helped to cheer the Falcons to second place this with the championship and third place Sophomore tournament. s
season in the Meridian Conference. Members of the squad are (bottom row) Kelly games on Friday, March 4. This is to _\[OpenCurlyQuote] Findlay is seeded second in the eight
Chapman, Sherry Graven and Tracy Wagner, (middle) Beth Chaney, and (top) Stacy. avoid conflicts with IHSA Class A Sec- team field. Maroa-Forsyth is the top
Ragan. \ tional Tournaments. seeded team.