Photo by George Carter
Now under new management, the Findlay recreation hall has just reopened.
Several youngsters, teens and adults have been using the facility.

SHELBY REPUBLICAN WOMEN
stn Carter wins TOHOLDLINOOLN DAY TEA
Sh publican
onorable mention esea's Chis oll Wolds Linea's Dor

George Carter, acting Findlay En- Tea at 2 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 11 at the
terprise photographer, won an honorable Shelbyville Public Library. Judge
mention in the Sixth Annual Lake Land Vernon Plummer will be the guest

College Foundation Photography Show. speaker.
Carter won an honorable mention in the | The publicis invited.
General Category II.
Larry Kanfer, a_ professional
from

photographer judged = = Roy and Ruth Carr of Oaklarid were
the show. Entries in the photography Sunday dinner guests of Mike and Debbie
show will be displayed through February Carr and Patrick. Later in the afternoon
in the Learning Resource Center at Lake Bob and Ruth Hubbartt joined them and
Land College. LRC hours are 8 a.m. to9 dossert was enjoyed by everyone. That

p.m. Monday through Thursday and 8 evening everybody enjoyed playing
a.m. to5 p.m. Friday. cards.

LADIES\[CloseCurlyQuote] v

WINTER MERCHANDISE :

A>
Y\g A Ph

NAME BRANDS ~
SALE STARTS THURS.

Fashion Shop, Inc.

South Side of Square
Open Fri. Evening till 7 P.M.

'
. |
'

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 \[OpenCurlyQuote]riday, February 10, 1984

Four lessons presented

Four lessons were presented when the A special major lesson was presented
Todd's Point Home Extension Unit met by Nancy Waggoner. She is the sister of
Feb. 1 at the home of Pam Howell. extension member Susan Vadakin.

, March 22 at St. Paul\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
Yantis said that it was very important to rene in Shelbyville.

Nancy brought along several color
A related lesson on locks and security charts showing the colors suited for each
was given by Virginia Hartman. She season. She told the group that a basic
pointed out in her presentation that a wardrobe consists of two dresses, two
robbery occurs every 16 seconds. pair of s ks, one four piece suit, two
Gladys Freeland, the extension unit skirts, one sweater, one blazer
literary chairman, gave a lesson on and five blouses. With this wardrobe, a
different types of books to read, com- variety of different outfits can be

Findlians in the news

Mike and Debbie Carr, and Patrick Jason Tucker was an overnight guest
spent Saturday evening playing cards in of John Knierim Friday evening.
Hindsboro with their college friends, Jim and Julie Yantis spent Saturday
Brad and Marilyn Neese, Scotty and evening playing cards with Chuck and
Bryan, Kent Douglas and Chris and Judy Cummins.

Bobby Peterson of Peoria.

Marty and Judy Sparks enjoyed an Mike Totten called on August and
evening owt in Mattoon Saturday, wat- Marjorie Lee of Tower Hill Wednesday
ching a movie and shopping. evening.

- ee ee a eee ee eee
\[CloseCurlyQuote]

tH THAR
wionayt aby a Ty

Cid
Down to Earth Sale!

SWE Alte

UP TO

on quality IH tillage parts

\\ 5 E

. \[OpenCurlyQuote]
.
~ Std

Stock up now and save on our complete line of quality International tillage parts
for IH and many other makes of equipment. We offer a wide selection of
moldboards, shins, landsides, shares, disk blades, harrow replacement parts,
Sweeps, points, and shovels. And don't Torget to check into Stronger, longer
lasting Earth Metar' tillage parts. Do it now! Quality parts at bargain prices!

WITERMATIONAL HARVESTER

\[OpenCurlyQuote]Shelby Farm Power

Rt. 16 West, Shelbyville, Phone 774-954]