eo ae

Friday, February 10, 19%4 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE -- FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page?
Cecile Mathias .

by Edward N. Ballard of $1,555 up $234 from the previous year. side. Keep the creep area well bedded
Mrs. Chester L. (Cecile Roney) Setenstin Adetees consignors who have and place a light over the creep area to
Mathias, 91, of Findlay died at 1:36a.m. -- Learning to use a computer is a little Comsigned bulls include Dave Rincker,1 help attract the lambs in. Sunlight
Sunday in Shelby Memorial Hospital in jjke jearning to drive a car. It isn't a age 9 ry tae gad ee a
Shelbyville. Hereford: Leland Rincker, ttract lambs
Funeral services were held at 1:30 Guar Gs amy eae ate mentals; and Otis and Otto Rincker, 6 pessaine eaten ths abba or ao cline

(LaVerna) Page of Lake Bluff, Mrs.
John (Wilma) Lambert of Pittsburg, Pa.
and Mrs. Don (Helen) Reid of
Shelbyville; 20 grandchildren; and 38

Adrian Rando!

Graveside services for Adrian W.

With an IRA from
Country Companies.
There's still time to do
itand deduct your
investment from your
1983 taxes. Country
Companies has a
variety of ways to
choose from, so one
should fit you to a T.
Call your agent today.

202 $. Mein St., Findlay
Phone: 756-3291

tricate language to use a computer.
Today\[CloseCurlyQuote]s software is such that a novice
can be using a computer in a matter of
minutes for farm business icati
Shelby County farmers will have an
opportunity to learn more about farm

the 4-H Center from 1 to 4 p.m.
Bob Harris, Moweaqua and Bill An-

_ derson, Windsor, members of the Shelby

County Agricultural Extension Council,

} computer programs
will be available and several computer
companies will have computers
available for farmers to use at this
seminar. This will be a practical use
seminar and farmers will have an op-

experience

learning to use a computer.

Farmers should decide what they
would like to try in a beginning computer
program. And shop around and compare
different programs that are available
remembering that the most expensive
are not always the best. This computer
program will have special emphasis on
software, hardware and the cost of

computer programs.

The public is invited.

Bull Sale Set for Feb. 22 |
have entered 174 bulls in

the 16th Illinois Performance Tested Bull

sale, scheduled for 10:30 a.m. at the State
Fairgrounds, Springfield, on Feb. 22.
weighed and

evaluated at 9:30 a.m. on Feb. 21.
Last year, 102 bulls sold for an average

- One son, two brothers and one sister

preceded him in death.
The family suggests memorials to the
Moulton United Methodist Church.

Sitti HS A

This sale provides beef cattle

producers an opportunity to purchase

performance tested bulls in an effort to

increase the weaning weights of their
cattle

lambing than with a late-
lambing es of creep
feeding are: it increases gain, especially

use supplemental feed more efficiently
at this time than after weaning; lambs

openings on at least two sides of the
creep and have several openings on each

the grain should be cracked, crimped or
rolled for several more weeks.

expensive to use, they are excellent in
the creep ration or as a starter for lambs.
Molasses is sometimes used in the creep
ration, primarily as an appetizer and to
hold down dust. If molasses is to be used,
it should make up five percent, certainly
no more than ten percent of the ration.
Bran can also be included, making up to
ten to fifteen of the ration. Many people
include bran in the creep ration because
of its high palatability and laxative
properties.

The creep ration should contain ap-
proximately sixteen percent crude
protein, while rations for early-weaned
lambs sixty days or less, should contain
about eighteen to nineteen crude percent.
High-quality legume hay may be self-fed
in either the long or in the pelletized form
in addition to the concentrated mixture.

It is usually recommended that an-
tibiotics be included in the creep ration at
the rate of 20 to 25 grams per ton, which
is the equivalent of 10.0 to 125
milligrams per pound of feed.

Creep rations do not have to be com-
plex to be good.

Sitti Sat

MOSCHENROSE JEWELERS

DOLLAR DAY SALE

Thurs., Feb. 9, Fri., Feb. 10, Sat., F eb. I]

STORE WIDE SALE
25-50% OFF

See Our Bargain Tables. . . 50-75% OFF Every Item

Large Selection of Speidel Gold Filled and Sterling Silver
Chains and Bracelets .......0eeeeeeeeeesseees 2 Price

MOSCHE

NROSE JEWELER

On the Square, Sullivan

Quality at The Right Price

4S a

Open Fridays Till 7:00 P.M.

a

c
MasterCard

Pe:

Fi hee Awe ;, \[CloseCurlyQuote]
eh \[OpenCurlyQuote]
4 he . i ign tial\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] - see SES y