Se

ag Sec REGGE as
igre teal] 7
spirits rabevst
bhi i He f
for i | dip 7
f e< i pEtee :

_---- ----

Mrs. Benner returns
from Coco, Florida

Denny and Margie Benner miet
Reta Benner at the Springfield air-
port when she returned from a three
month\[CloseCurlyQuote]s visit with her son Charles S.

Visit at hospitals
after Easter dinner

they visited Dean
at Shelby Memorial
and Ruth Dunham at

Cruits join family
at Bethany dinner

Mrs. Alan
Broadlands and a. foreign exchange
student living in the Hall home
Gary and Pat Knierim and John
and Sondra Diss ate supper at
ey 2 ey
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Coventry, Roger
and Carla hosted an Easter supper
Their guests included Neil Dettling of
Lovington, Mike Coventry, Patricia
and Michelle Kress and Karen Hart
of Mattoon, Sherry and Rhonda
Cleveland, James Matlock, Steve and
| Rae deat: Ben
After church Sunday, April 22
Steve, Connie, Michael and Michelle
went to Mattoon to the
home of Connie\[CloseCurlyQuote]s mother, Mardelle
Goldsmith for Easter dinner. Bob,
Sue, Andrea and Robbie. Goldsmith,
Norma Ingman and Norma\[CloseCurlyQuote]s mother,
all of Mattoon were dinner guests

:
i
7]

Afternoon callers were Mary KRAFT MACARONI
Wright, penaiier anf cain oF eneay, & Cheese Dinner ©oeeeee ee 7.2502. ¢
. Birthday marked SOFT 'NPRETTY

at Easter dinner Bathroom Tissue. eeeeee 4roll $ 1 09
ee
Jeannie Camfield, Ty and Brooke of Ig KINGSFORD $2 59
Illiopolis, Lindsay and Jill Camfield, eeeeeeeevec co IOlb. te
Nicholas, Larry and Tori of

Mike and Paula Ward,
Heidi om arog of Tower Hill and REGULAR OPEN PIT $2 09
ae wat na a ae BBQ Sauce. ee eeeeesee & 4202. °

Sor CHEDDAR, PIZZA, OR" 99¢

Several enjoy : Mozzarella, or Taco e*eeeer¢e? 8 oz. Beer
ald family movies

Fannie Duckett took Gene Fo PILLSBURY BIG COUNTRY OR 49¢ 12 90.00

Marilyn Seatt, Jim and Tey ancy y outtery Biscuits.......... 100,

ayy

iTbey later retorned to the--Gene Stra berri $1 (9

Scott home where they were joined W e es e « qt. © :

for supper by Mr. and Mrs. Jim -_ |

Thompson. They spent the evening * .

enjoying old movies of the family > a Sw 3 69¢

rN eet Corn. eee.

oe ol es Ree oat ey

Suan ded i gant ye" Cabbage........d00 4

Institute in Indianapolis, Ind. on April 3

14th birthday Karyn Yantis honored at dinner at Friday Supper
Michael Coventry celebrated his Karyn Yantis celebrated her 15th A dinner celebrating Easter and Harriett Laird of Ocean Springs,
léth birthday Sunday, April 15 and birthday at her home Friday night. the second birthday of Ryan McClain eee
Monday, April 16. The group enjoyed an old fashioned was held at the home of Jim and Fila. were the honored guests at a
After church Sunday, April 15 scavenger huntandwatchingamovie Jolene Sunday. at Guy's Steak House in
Steve, Connie, Mike and Michelle \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]The Thing\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] on TV Those attending were Greg, Friday night.
Coventry went to the rural Chris Zietler Debbie, Jonathan and Melissa Other guests were Mr. and Mrs.
home of Theron and Sherry ogg Beth Lehman, Dwight and Grace Strohl Cap Uphoff, Mr. and Mrs. Gib Uphoff,
for dinner. Russell Pam eo Van and Denny, Cindy and Derek Strohlof Mr. and Mrs. Harold Macklin, Mr
During the afternoon they ry Som Crean cal Decatur, LelaBelle Land and Leta and Mrs. Thomas Cruit, Virginia
celebrated Mike's birthday by having snl tel Goan Schwartz of Bethany and Rod and Ingle, Mr. and Mrs. E.B. Christman,
cake and ice cream and going roller Graven of Mt. Chicago, Brenda McClain and Ryan, Ron and Mr. and Mrs. Jeff Yantis and Vickie
skating with a church group from (*Ndi Massey of Mi. Zion, Matcom Barb Saddoris and Kristin and Jim, Hostetter

Rhema Christian Center, Decatur at Huey of Shelbyville, Dana Miller, j.\ne Michelle and Craig Saddoris of

Great Skate Sout Decatur, [ti Riley and Missy Knierim. Findlay. Woodrow Enoch flew Ray and
Connie, Michelle Coventry, Wilma Gebhart to Grand Rapids,
Kelli, T.G. and David Redfern Also present were Betty Mounts, Jason Brewer of Bethany was an Mich. on Friday to a new
Derek Davis all went skating. one Bill and Susie Massey and Jack and overnight guest of Dustin Cruit oe a eee, Oe Se
After skating, they went back tothe Terry Yantis. Thursday. went with them.

Redferns for supper

On Monday, April 16 the

Coventry family hosted

party for Mike. Those attending were iM

Carl, Betty and

Sherry Cleveland,

Allen, all of

Coventry and Pat

Mrs. Candy

decorated the

thday.

Holiday spent

in Granite City

Ruby spent

weekend with C. Wayne and Maureen

Banks of

they visited Tom and Jennifer

of Carbondale.

Stow Meat .....cccceccoceccocece w@heGO
CENTER CUT RIB

CRORE «oc cccccccceccecce ce b@delD
ae ee
| ee

Weakleys host
Easter dinner

Mrs. Lester Stockdale of Decatur,
Mr. and Mrs. 0.J. Weakley of

a  HILLFARM SHREDDED CHEESE