FINDLAY ENTERPRISE

Vol. 97 -- No. 43, Findlay, Illinois 62534

Phone 728-7381 or 756-8551

Friday, October 281983 12 Pages 2U¢

Lots of events
for Halloween

There will be lots of Halloween aGn O
tivities in Findlay starting todayo rc
(Friday). oo

Students at Findlay Grade School wille "
parade through the business distric&} *
Showing off their Halloween costumes+ 4
this afternoon. The parade will start af@? ©
1:30 p.m. and will be lead by the Findlaye\[CloseCurlyQuote] o
HighSchool Marching Falcon Band. * aa

While the parade is taking place,
members of the Findlay Unit of the E oO
Shelby County Memorial Hospitale ©
Auxiliary will be holding a bake sale. oO

In the evening, the Findlay American &
Legion Auxiliary will sponsor the annual 6
Halloween supper starting at5 p.m Tne ®

"11

IL¥LS
yuVLS vVud N¥S SSIA

~~
--

TVWOLYOLSIH

Halloween party

ie .

Photo by Pauline Bane

One of the first Halloween parades was held at Findlay Grade School Wed-
nesday morning. participants in the pre-school Reading Hour program held their
Halloween party and proudly paraded in their costumes throughout the school.

One dubious parade observer was Brett Beery, perched on the knee of Vicki.

Oldham. Brett wasn't quite sure what to make of all of the costumes. Reading
Hour is sponsored by the Findlay Junior Woman's Club.

Too much water confronts board

Too much water was the main topic of
conversation at the last Findlay school
board meeting.

Too much water was being used at the
high school -- the meter showed a 4,000
gallon use one day when no one was
using the building -- and the monthly
water bill was $340.

And there has been a problem with too
much water on the roof of the school. To
get rid of the water, a drain goes un-
derground to a tile that runs into a ditch.

tund to take her students who had ap-
peared in plays to a Little Theatre
production, have a party, and then
donate the remainder to the library for
books and records.

Forest (Frosty) Herron noted that the
band fund will be broke in two years at
the present rate.

It was also noted that Herron is ending
19 years and 7 onths service on the school
board. He is not seeking re-election at
the Nov. 8 election.

coverage and most inexpensive in-
stallation. A new system of this type
would cost about $4,200.

Oldham suggested that the board
might want to check other prices. Duane
Uphoff said, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]\[OpenCurlyQuote]We did a few years ago,
and they wanted $12,000.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] Some board
members were of the opinion that parts
of the present public address system
were in the old gym. About all that ap-
pears to be salvagable from the present
system are the microphones and two

menu includes chicken and noodles, chili,
barbecue sandwiches, cheese salad
Sandwiches, potato salad, cole slaw,
deviled eggs, apple salad, homeimade
pie, coffee, tea and soda pop.
Another Halloween parade will start at
\[OpenCurlyQuote] p.m. at the United Methodist Church
and end at the reviewing platiorm next to
the Legion Hall. Costume judging will
begin aiter the parade sponsored by the
Clarence Bixler American Legion Post.
ostume categories include the oldest
masked, the youngest masked, the child
bride and bridegroom, the adult bride

and bridegroom, clowns, witches, hobos,

television characters, animal! charac-
ters, fattest couple, ugliest person, most
unusual costume, largest masked family
present and ghosts. There will also be a
cracker eating contest, a bubble gum
blowing contest and prizes for the best
decorated bicycle.

Halloween activities on Saturday will
include trick or treating and a dance.
Trick or treating will take place between
9 and 8:30 p.m. Residents should leave
their porch lights on for trick or treaters.

The Findlay Jayce-ettes will hold a
Halloween Dance from 8:30 to 11:30 p.m.
at the American Legion Hall. This will be
a costume dance.

Set clock back
Saturday night

After remembering to set the clock
back an hour before falling asleep on
Saturday night or early Sunday morning
(as your habits may be), so that you will
be participating with the rest of Illinois
in the return to Central Standard Time,

Unit Supt. Ron Hash said it was nec- a wooden speakers that are backstage. you might also give some thought to
sessary to pump several times to get, G2 carly because of the change in the It WaS announced that a band festival adjusting driving habits, too, the
water out to the ditch and there stillisa ition tow The meeting would have Will be held in Findlay on Nov. 8 with a Chicago Motor Club says.
small amount of water standing. Hash ee waaay. oe, it has been rescheduled Concert scheduled for 7:30 that evening. Headlamps will be lighted at an
said that it would be very expensive to las Mawr 1h 7 Hash was authorized to attend a Basic are ees the return to ery
put the water into the storm sewer. The sae : Bargaining Clinic in Chicago during the ollowing distances
' : policy on use of the high school \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]es

srcirgictbariarcetstig gurressuthy orien fication St ao a
way to stop leaks in the water system $30 using it will stay the same. If to continue conversations with other Headlamps and turn signals should be
He said that some stools are inoperative  2"Ything is torn up, the group won't be area superintendents in regard to chocked before Sunday to see that they
and will not stop running when they are "Si" the gym any more unless the retaining an attorney to assist all with are in good operating condition.
flushed. He also told the board that the  \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]#mage is reported and repaired, the problems created by the passage and "ang motorists should also be on the
village adjusted the school\[CloseCurlyQuote]s water bill 4rd decided. approval of the collective bargaining jookout for children who don\[CloseCurlyQuote]t realize
down to $117 from $340 and also adjusted © There was some talk, but no action, on - the committment by the board was that visibility has been reduced over-
the sewer bill accordingly. the sound system in the gym. Mike ° firm until additional information is night. The earlier darkness makes it

After hearing Ramona Radloff, the Oldham said there is little or no public received. are more important for parents to dress
board decided to rescind its September address system. Hereportedthathehad § Two tax anticipation warrants were children in light-colored clothing. For
action combining the drama and band _ contacted Howard Spracklen of Mattoon _ paid off. The school districthas received added safety, the childrens\[CloseCurlyQuote] out-of-door
funds. Ms. Radloff said that she had who advised him that a cluster speaker two state aid payments and $133,200 clothes can be decorated with reflec-
planned to use the money in the drama ~ arrangement would give the best from the Shelby County Treasurer. torized tape.

kuVvudl'l
a