Page 4

Photo by Pautine fhiney

Brent Fogleman (right), a member of the Fraternal Order of Police presented a
$50 check earlier this week to David Brooks, treasurer of the Community Center
Board. The donation will go toward remodeling the old village hall into the new

community center.

Penn Unit covers car care tips

Members of the Penn Home Extension
\[OpenCurlyQuote]Unit recalled memorable car ex-
periences as roll call when the unit met
Monday, Oct. 10 in the home of Genelle
Horn. There were several funny stories
told, but at the time the incidents hap-
pened, they were anything but funny.

Jolene Saddoris had tips on defensive
driving including using car mirrors to
look through and forward out of, not just
in. She told the group to be prepared for

Pickaway Unit
meets with
Pam Lutz

Mrs. Joyce Jurgens, extension advisor,
gave the major lesson on home com-
puters at the Oct. 12 meeting of the
Pickaway Home Extension Unit at the
home of Pam Lutz.

Answering the roll call, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]If I have/had
a computer I would like it to...\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote], were
Frances Melcher, Linda Primmer,
Elaine Beery, Sheila Forlines and Mrs.
Lutz. Guests were Zoe Turney, Marie
Knopp and Mrs. Jurgens.

Mrs. Beery presented the selected
subject, defensive driving.

Genevieve Mathis will host the Nov. 9
meeting, and the major lesson will be
French and Canadian cookery.

the unexpected which may help to
prevent an accident.

Norma Hudson and Evelyn Wooters
had a few pointers and demonstrations
when they gave the lesson on car care
and maintenance. They explained how to
use jumber cables, checking out air
filters, what to do with mini tires in case
of a flat tire and check gauges in the car.

Joyce Crawford announced coming
events including craft day Oct. 22,
refinishing class Oct. 24 and the trip to
Indiana on Nov. 29.

Pat Jordan announced that plans are
being made for the Christmas party and
final details will be announced later.

The Penn Unit will make a small
donation to assist with the fingerprinting

program.
The next meeting will be held Nov. 10
at the home of Diane Snyder.
Refreshments were served by
Margaret Bilyeu and Irene Wood. *

Stitch \[OpenCurlyQuote]n Time club
to have booth tonight

The Findlay 4-H Stitch-N-Time Club is
sponsoring a booth next to the stage
tonight (Friday).

The booth will be called \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Halloween
Black Out\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote], and all proceeds will go to
the club. Members will be on hand from 6
p.m. until all game prizes have been won.

Discount Brokerage

Findlay BancShares
1-800/252-2081

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

Friday, October 23, 1983

Board gives nod to license

A goal of $1,300 has been set for this
year\[CloseCurlyQuote]s campaign.

The Illinois Foundation FFA provides
an avenue for agriculture businessmen

fund. Anyone desiring more information
may contact Brian Wood at 756-8521.

Parent-teacher conferences
to be held next week

Parent-Teacher conferences will be
held from Oct. 31 to Nov. 4 at the Findlay
Grade School.

Scheduled in 15 minute intervals, the
conferences will run from 3:30 to 5 p.m.
Monday and Tuesday, and from 2 to 5
p.m. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.

The purpose of the conferences is to
give parents a progress report on their
child. Principal Bill Walters realizes
parents want the best education possible

Findlay children
are finger printed

Findlay children in kindergarten
through eighth grade were finger printed
Wednesday morning in a project spon-
sored by the Todds Point Home Ex-
tension Unit.

Principal Bill Walters commented that
the fingerprinting is a good idea in case a
child is lost or kidnapped.

FOOD DISTRIBUTION
TO BE NOVEMBER 3
There will be a free food distribution at
9 a.m. Wednesday, Nov. 3 at the village
hall. Cheese and butter will be
distributed to eligible Findlay area
-- by CEFS Community Action
ter.

Brenda, Ronnie and Marci McClain
were Saturday night supper guests of her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Kater of
Shelbyville.

for their children, and that is what he
hopes to accomplish. Communication
between the parents and the school is
important.

He feels that parents should find
strength in the school\[CloseCurlyQuote]s curriculum,
equipment and learning atmosphere.

Administrators and faculty are
striving to improve the school, and
welcome ideas parents suggest for
consideration.

Findlians in the news

Mr. and Mrs. Henry Biedert spent
several days last week with their
daughter and family, Col. and Mrs. Jean
Crane and Cindy of Blytheville, Ark. and
Mr. and Mrs. Vance Blackwell of Little
Rock, Ark.

Terry Bolin, a student at Illinois State
University in Normal, spent his vacation
with his parents in Findlay.

Pat Wolf, Pat Rodman and Chris Cloyd
attended a 21 hour EMT refresher
training course in Bethany.

Mendi McClain attended the FHA
wiener roast last Thursday evening.

Mendi and Marci McClain spent
Saturday night and Sunday with their
grandparents, Earl and Mary McClain.
Ronnie McClain spent Saturday af-
ternoon with them.

Aaron and Ashley Johnson of
Shelbyville spent Saturday night and
Sunday with their grandparents, Gifford
and Ruth Johnson. Their parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Jerry Johnson joined them for
Sunday dinner.

ee

Open November I a

a*e'ss

Country Store Crafts

8 W. Harrison, Sullivan i

Hours: Tues. - Thurs., 9 a.m 5 p.m. ee
»9a.m.-7 p.m. as

Sat., 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
Closed Monday i

Craft & needlework supplies,

gift

items, Amish made wood crafts, silk pS

Personnel with 30 years of experience. flowers & arangements, etc. Es
Securities/ Commodities Offering classes in counted cross stitch, chicken scratch, e
crame, needlepunch, stenciling. | os

caianenintainaaacie Mary White, Owner i

ESSE cere