i

!
3

_

ee P Jim Yantis is the coach.

Findlay Peanut L@aQue --Ssinme: thc younges od tet lt proce at week The boys nd ty cl and tty who pa

girls were coached by Mike Cruit and Van Cruit. eee ccs tee ae

p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 8 at the Forest

bie | aes Park Pavilion in Shelbyville. Picnic
Findlians in the news Weekend activities set ens Salt x ee

service. Coach
Cindy-Diss of Windsor visited the Raymond Lewis and Emaline Siler ; 4. chetvville, July 26--The U.S. a0 Armed Forces Celebration provide drinks.
John Diss family Saturday afternoon. were among the family members sir toma d Rattan 6 tale Saturday at Lake Shelbyville. Ac-
Doris Farris and Glenda Clark attending the Lee-Wheeler reunionin © 41 .vinle has announced its tivities are set to begin at 10 a.m. at

schedule of programs for August3-5, the Visitor Center and continue

Larry and Doris Farris recently Mary Lash of Shelbyville Sunday Bo Wood Military exhibits will include BURCHAMIN WORLD TOURNEY
returned from a trip to Iowa, South afternoon. Friday - Reptiles of Lake communication equipment, a field Emmett Burcham of Lovington,
Dakota, Wyoming, Colorado and Bill and Jeannie Walters, Amy and Shelbyville, 8:30 p.m. range and mortar equipment. father of Julie Yantis, will compete in
ebraska

Honeybee, 3 p.m.; Through an In- ®Tival at 10:30a.m. and departure at Association World Tournament which
Bethany are spending afew days with attended the wedding of the Bennett's Sts\[CloseCurlyQuote] g.sh cy \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]9:30 p.m. of a military helicopter and begins Wednesday, Aug. 1 in Hunt-

Bill and Elaine ele Crutt of andSyivia .. Sunday - Wildflower Terrarium a Military Police attack dog team sville, Ala. The 74-year-old Burcham
Ter incon om at ee a
Bonnie Keown, Jack and Pam Watkins Sunday afternoon. Coen Crock

Howell, Leroy and Marilyn Weakley Jim and Bev Williams, Andy and = 14. secrets of the Plant World,
$:30 p.m.

en an da and Blanche Wilson ;
motorcycle tip tothe Great Smoky enjayed a cook out at the home of, Sarday «Animal Tracks & Sins,
Mountains and Blue Ridge Parkway. Ruby Mangner of Monday i oas.
ae eon a Clifford and Enid Sunday - Water Rescue
trip to Florida where they visited her Durst and Pearl Smith of Shelbyville Techniques, 10<.m. at the beach. be
brother Jesse Sims and family forten and Blanche Wilson had supper at the emia
Lake Lawn in Pana Friday night.
Ralph Graven and Eileen Wheeler They spent the rest of the evening Visitor Center
the demon- Visiting in the Durst home. Dam tours - 3 p.m. Saturday and 11
stration at Wolf Creek State Park _ Dale and Gloria Chapman, Dale,
Sunday afternoon. Kelly, Beth and Troy Anna

:
i
é
E
é
:
é
e
z

~~ Se

\[OpenCurlyQuote]shed OY us we
. .. .

eS ae
oie pron

&

, ae i.

e . i,
AY Se

Shelby Memorial Home in Shelbyville Sunday.
Sunday afternoon. Ardith Haneline of Islamorada, ae
Gifford and Ruth Johnson, Aaron F'la. will arrive Aug. 9 for a visit with
Johnson and Charles and Pauline her mother and sister Eula and For super
ne OE! service and
dinner at the Red Wood in Decatur Gastonia, N.C. spent the weekend Eiele/aalelidhdivc :
Saturday night. with her grandmother Opal Carson. FIX FT white the fixin\[CloseCurlyQuote]s gout

rates oncar
insurance...

Get set to go. We'll be glad to send a service
technician directly to your farm for a free Pre-Season

checkup of your tractor, combine, or planter. If work is
needed, we'll do it while time is still on your side and at.

Dr. Sydney 8S. Rothman Dr. Michael F. Stauder
Optometrist Optometrist

Cail us today for full details!

Eyes Examined Eyes Examined MT ORSLATIONLAL ULLMTES TER
Specialty Specialty
Children\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Vision Contact Lenses

Shelby Farm Power

o" Saliven iiala (Formerly Ingles & Otto}
Phone Collect 728-7838 Hours By Appointment -- Rt. 16 West, Shelbyville, Phone 774-9541