Findlians D isaieen
lowa and her
fag eee erent eres
a4
I CG MEWS | ove scinet Shearay tr vist win
other relatives.

family members who attended the Jim Puyear of Dalton City and Jack
Colclasure reunion at Wyman Park in and Linda Getz were in Danville Sunday
Sullivan Sunday. Gos, thn Ge ee
Mac and Marge McKean and their Getz, Tom Gollus Elsea
daughter Terry of Clinton, Iowa calledon Findlay participated in the mock battle.

& 4

. Chicago '
Winner wean\[CloseCurlyQuote] brother John The Don Stockdale family called on
as | matinee family ville tie Alderson\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Ralph and Juanita Graven Friday night.
Angela Diss is now the proud owner of a 10 speed bicycle. Angela won her da tended a meetin Aaron and Ashley Johnson of
bicycle on Saturday. The Findlay Jaycees sponsored a bicycle safety clinic and eee the eal Goon at Shelbyville spent the weekend with their
each person who had their bike inspected put their name in for a drawing, and Millikin University. grandparents Gifford and Ruth Johnson.
Angie's name was picked. Twenty-seven guests attended afamily Ruth Johnson visited her niece Gail
The Findlay Jaycees sponsored a the John Diss family. Sunday. attended
bicycle safety clinic at the Findlay Grade Marge Uphoff, Gloria Livergood, where Melanie and
School Saturday. | Cherise Cruit and Sondra Diss attended among the dancers.

Heidi
Bike Safety bicycles, The clic was bell far tos ana Seeed laine Cece haary Linccguad wane br. and

the start of the Cystic Fibrosis Foun- They received the traveling trophy for

cS dation fund raising event. their special to support the Harold ]
clinic held John Love, village policeman, also Findlay Public Libary. Macklin and Mary Johnson of Cham-

safety. dlay Junior Woman's Club met for lunch Saturday evening and heard the Decatur
Satur day Each person who had their bike in- at Rita\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Garden in Shelbyville Friday. Park Singers.

spected put their name in for a drawing Attending Sondra Vicki Bill Massey and his granddaughter
wen ee ae ame was picked. She Oldham, Gloria intend." bane Terry Lee Johns of Idaho called on Lola

won a ten speed bicy Dever, Susan Vadakin and Cherise Cruit. Massey Monday morning.
ee |

New Store Hours:
On Sunday

:
af
zB
:
* §
=
z

Hamm's Beer .... $3.69

Sweet Corn ...
Fresh Peaches .

REGULAR OR NATURAL EISNER

Applesauce ............... uso, DOC
Pringles Potato Chips ......... $1.20

LIPTON

Instant Tea .............. 50, SOY

ié* Aluminum Fol ..........,., 966 ChlekeMs ss. 400
Plastic Cups ........... 00. 2191.00 Fork Chops ...............4 91,69 a
Langhorn Cheese... wa $LAQ Pork hops... $1.79

Orange Juice......._. cece no, GC Chicken ................... , 89@
Salisbury Dimer og QO BOHOgDE ye, $1.39