-~--,

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page 7

See | oby Scribner to perform
. 8 at Findlay Baptist Church

Derby winners

Photo by Pauline Briney
Winners of the annual Cub Scout Pinewood were: (pictured left to right) John
Knierim, first place; Clayton Stivers. third place; and Jarrett Brown, second
place. Presenting the trophies were pack leaders Rick Beem and Mike Oldham.
Trophies were also presented for design. First place went to Andy Scott, second
place went to Ryan Shoemaker and third place went to Scott Beem.

: F Day and the of the
Nettie Dolan at a7 hi eee

ting.
Mrs. Hugh (Nettie A. Herendeen) youth community wanting
Dolan, 81, of Sullivan died at 8:15 p.m. pecome pe .
Tuesday in St. Mary\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Hospital in 756 9993
Decatur.

= tae trae) ee ee

(Friday)
Funeral Home in Sullivan. Burial willbe Health Dept. offers
in the French Cemetery.

Born 1901 in Moutrie \[CloseCurlyQuote] i 1
ok aes st aatiete tee microwave testing

12, 1941 in St. Charles, Mo., and he died that a microwave oven testing service is
June 27, 1971. available at no cost to residents. The
She is survivied by a son, Morris health department acquired the set of

Photo by Pauline Briney

These were the entries, designed and raced. by members of the Findlay Cub qj, Mrs. Grace Alumbaugh of Herrin. P-., Monday through Friday.
Scout troops in the annual Pinewood Derby held recently. . ng Residents

Entries Freeport; sisters, Mra, Bonnie Wallace microwave radiation leakage any time
of :

Board of Review
Shelby County Courthouse
Shelbyville, Il. 62565

The Shelby County Board of Review will be in session at the Courthouse
according to the provisions of law from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from

-o
Ser 2

, 6 O- Ze .
Catch the action Kulntemuiien 1:00 p.m *5 3:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
These two little tykes weren\[CloseCurlyQuote]t too impressed with the annual Cub Scout
Pinewood Derby held this week in Findlay. Cub Scouts participated in the
annual event with family members and friends looking on -- some even excited
with the action!

The Shelby County Board of Review will assess all property subject to
assessment which has not been assessed by the Assessor or Supervisor of
Assessments.

Complaints in writing will be accepted 30 days after Assessor and Supervisor
of Assessments publication. All complaints of errors in assessments shall be

Happy 17th Birthday, re Op Ss comming purty.
| The Shelby County Board of Review shall operate under such additional Rules
Billy and Regulations as are required by law or as it shall find necessary from time
time to time to adopt.
Love, Mother Clarence Corley, Chairman

Shelby County Board of Review

Ta ie .