I wut to have Baby Skates for
Christmas.

Have a Happy Christmas. Santa and |

Friday, December 23, 1983

Page 12 THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE--FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534
\[CloseCurlyQuote] " " i ae ee ; - the night. | want to know how your
i er } : + pay ( = Love, Eric Mitchell _reindeers fly and I want atari cartridges.
Love, Jay Giles
I what a swimig Santa,
etters Love, Krysie Rodman § Thank you for bringing me my stuff for
CHRISTMAS. I love you Santa.
Dere santa, Thank you for the play puppy. The puppy
' J want a care Bere frend Bere and a and! goto bed. I call him Cuttles.
chrmem. for the underroos, the Monchichis, and
Love, Leslie VanKeuren the doll with the chapstick, the Stomper
pull set you got my brother, and all the
Dear Santa, stuff you got me. This year I want a
+p eee PPTROOSS OO OS I want a camera with pictures that Barbie doll house and a car to go with it.
come out. Love, Heather Totten
we bee have a good Christmas! goin = Dear
e you a - [want a toy knife. I like
We will leave you a snack and milk when \[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] Love. Jeff McDonald Dearsanta, | I want a Barbie washing machine and
you come. We hope you get some good I would like a slinky anewandabike. a Bead machine that makes necklaces,
presents for you. How do your reindeer Dear Santa, Love, Dusty Macklin bracelets, and earrings, and a very very
fly? How cold is the North Pole? How is i would like a shot gun, a pair of hand- very special thing for my Mom and Dad.
your wife? We hope you fill our stockings cuffs and a pistol. Dear Santa, For my Dad I want you to get him a ring
clear full of candy! How does Rudolf's Love, Kevin Brooks __ How are you? Thank you for my toys. and for my Mom get her a necklace.
nose get red? Here are some things we How are your elves. I hope you can make Love, Christy Cloyd
want for Christmas. Dear Santa, it here at ec ee ee
Clint Stiner - truck, Big foot; Troy I want a big car to with. Please Christmas. How's Rudolph. ta,
Stockdale - Papa Smurf, Big foot big ee oe play Dear Santa by Lucas Love Santa. I want May I please have a play house pom
wheels; Jessica Tucker - Care Bear, Love, lanBuechele 2 Stomper, a big foot, a game that works poms. Smurfette Doll, Kimberly pom-
Strawberry Shortcake Bike; Jason on batteries, a pellet gun and a stunt poms, Doll, play money, ice skates,
Shanholtzer - New Crayons, Big Wheel; Dear Santa, motorycle with ride. ; Kolabear, Garfield, watch, and a Care
Andrew Kunzeman - Waggonner, Sierra; I wan a speed bike. Bear. I want a doll named Gary.
Ryan Cook - Trap Jaw, Tri-Clops; Brandi Love, Jeremy Vadakin Dear Santa, Love, Michelle Dawn Blackford
Perry - Baby Skates, Baby Alive; I think you are the best guy in the Dear Santa,
Jeremy Oldham - Castle Greyskull, He- Dear Santa, world. Bring me a big foot, atraintrack, -- I have been good so be sure that you get
Men; Seth Wills - Castle Greyskull, -- | would likea dirt bike. three 100 dollar bills, andeight puppies. -- my train. And make sure that you get my
Scarface; Jill Robertson - Baby Skates, Love, Colby Bradford Love Roylee Winings _ big foot stomer and make sure that you
doll and stroller; Jeremy Nichols - He- get all my other stuff too. Thanks.
a set, ae a - ToSatne, ven Som, re jie tal Love, Don Plukett
ightrider car, Big ; Bryce | wute for Cerismis A Candyland Thank for Barbie
Johnson - Dukes of Hazzard car, Game. Christmas. For this Christmas I want a Dear Santa,
nightrider car; Candi Adrian - Play Love, Julie Riley (TM)onchichis and a Barbie doll house --_ | want a metal detector, and an animal
telephone, Strawberry Shortcake doll; please. Thank you. I want a Barbie car trap, anda big foot.
Joshua Maiden - Castle Greyskull, He- Der Santa, and a Barbie horse too. I love you Santa. | David Wirey

Jennifer Ryan - Baby Skates, Tippy want a real horse too. Dear Santa,

Toes; Jim Yantis - Electric semi, race from, Stephie Lebo Love Decka Carroll. How are you at the North Pole, just
track; Melissa Cloyd - Roller Skates, fine! I\[CloseCurlyQuote]m fine too Santa. Do you like the
telephone; Benjamin Snoke - 6x6 High Dear Santa, Dear Santa, North Pole? I hope you can bring the toys
Riser, New semi; Phoebe Bowers-Care Please bring me a tack track for He | want to know how late you come in that you made for children.

Dear Santa,
i love you. i think you are nice because

you bring toys.
Love, Lisa Wagner

Man.
Love, Wyatt Bernstein

Dear Santa,
I want Ewok village and Wicket.
Love Brandon Arthur

Dear Santa,
I wunt a lot uv toys.
Love, Jody Beals

Dear Santa,
I want a pacman watch and a little

Se nl i . =
td],

_--_--.e

:

+ oe

277 ee

a i

Y

|

May the gentle joys of this blessed
season be with you and your family
this Christmas and always.

Wooter\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Lumber Co.
and Sport Shop |

Here's a cheery greeting
to our many good
friends and customers
at this Yuletide season.

;
hy

dir Satu,
I wush you livd in finlee.
Love, Chad Gordon

Dere Sant,
I want a toy Care Share Bear.
Love, Laura Kopp

Dear Santa,
I want a dolly car and a new bike.
Love, Bobbie McClain

Mary Totten
Your Avon

daer Sant,

I want the Garfield T-shirt and you and

A pacman vedo game.
/ Love, Ryan Livergood

Dear Santa,
I want a teddy bear and a Barbie doll.
Love, April White
Dear

Santa,
I would like a parrot.
Love, Stacy Adrian