rs can
out\[CloseCurlyQuote]

--on the need for assistance in
paying for necessary phar-
maceuticals; ,

--on the need for assistance in
paying for home heating and
telephone usage;

--on the need for more home-
delivered meals for older persons
who have difficulty shopping and/or
preparing ;

meals;
--on the need for volunteers to
assist impaired older persons;
--on the need for more nursing
home friendly visitors and ad-

vocates;

--on the difficulties encountered by
older persons in finding out about
available community services;

--on the need for guardianship and
protective services;

--on the need for accessible

housing in rural areas for disabled

older persons;

--about the need for funds to
maintain or enhance local programs
serving the elderly;

--on gaps in services in each
community;

--about each organization\[CloseCurlyQuote]s goals,
successes in helping others in the
community and

--about hopes and aspirations for
the future.

The Area Agency on Aging
welcomes comments, suggestions,
recommendations and new ideas on

Michael O\[CloseCurlyQuote]Donnell, Plan-
ning/Legislative Manager, at the
East Central Illinois Area Agency on
Aging, 2714 McGraw Drive,
Bloomington, 61701.

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE --FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534 Page 5

Dog training DOCwill auction confiscated -- *rdlians in the news
suspended __ fish traps, nets, other gear Wayne ad at Cat were Dei

J
Dog Training at two lake Although no firearms will be sold, Sporting equipment and com- Angie and Amy Bricker.
gear on the block will include 60 mercial gear will be auctioned Nov. 3
Shelbyville sites will be suspended the Conservation A wiener roast was held at

during the upland game hunting °Y
season, according to an an- i + oe gegen amas: Ca tee ede Saturday night to celebrate the sixth
The

Too many Congressmen go to Washington and
forget the people they represent. . On November 6th
Re-Elect

Our Congressman Dick Durbin has kept in close .
touch with our needs. Richard J.

¢ 106 Town Meetings

¢ Full-time District offices in Quincy, Decatur, and
Springfield

elie ete ued g
e Returns home to the district every weekend

¢ Established a toll-free number for constituents

¢ Helped thousands of local residents cut through government red tape -- Social Security --
Medicare -- Black Lung -- Veterans Benefits

Congressman Dick Durbin
Keeping in touch with over 100 town meetings

Paid tor by Durbin for Congress Committee

IN TOUCH.