,

4, 1984

Piano students to perform
Sunday at Shelbyville

Fifty-three piano and organ

students of Mrs. Cathy Hohenstein Knutson, Meliah :
will perform in a piano recital at 2 Bly, Aaron Small,
p.m. Sunday, May 6 at the Lion's Cub wen? Knutson, Sara
Community Center in Shelbyville.

Findlay area students wil Also, Darre Williams, Laura
perform include Ian and McKittrick, Amy Gregg, Benny
Buechele, Jeremy and Matthew Durbin, Elizabeth Eberspacher, |
Lash, Jill McDonald, Brenda Yantis, Brannon Boehm, Traci Tucker,
Sherry Winings, Sherri Waldeh and Stephanie Williams, Cathy Kirk,
Michelle Sedferts. Kara Downs, Chad Elliott, Jodi

Other students include Alan Siroy, Trainor, Stacy Townsend, Heidi
Emily Dauz, Melissa Jetg Amy Hohenstein, Lexie Bloor, J.B. Hurst,
Williamson, Loy Chandler, Lea Shane Williams, Julia Degler, Kathy
Chandler, Brandy Eversole, Tim Snyder, Erika Plambeck, Mitch
Heckler, Allison Harvey, Brian Reynolds and Mrs. Betsy Lockhart.
Boehm, Heidi Ward, Dena Beck, The public is invited to attend.
Andy Harvey, Erick Hohenstein, Refreshments will be served.

Rob Plummer
to graduate
Rob Plummer will from
Illinois State University at
Bloomington Saturday, May 5. He
will receive a bachelor of
degree. Plummer majored in
tion and minored
in the B.1.S sequence at Illinois State.
Following gradua Plummer
will move to Houston, Texas.

John Cruit honored

Mike, Cherise and Emily Cruit
hosted Sunday dinner in their home
following the first holy communion of

Rob Plummer

Mrs. Carson hosts
weekend guests

Women enjoy lunch

Irene Lash, Rena Britton, Zola
Hendricks, Josephine Yantis, Ruby
Younger and Imogene Hankins of
rural Effingham had dinner at the 76
restaurant in Effingha- on Tuesday,
April 24 to celebrate the birthday of
Ruby Younger.

The afternoon was spent
and visiting in the home of Mrs.
Hankins.

Sunday dinner.
Mrs. Wilson returns

Breakfast honors
two birthdays

9 light blue. swivel-rocker-
: 1 end table and

lamp; floor lamp; 1 wood
rocker

756-3119

ee eeeeeEEEeeEeEeE----E----EE=EE = =

THE FINDLAY ENTERPRISE -- FINDLAY, ILLINOIS 62534

In the field at last

Page 3

Photo by R.R. Best

With optimum planting dates at hand, Findlay area farms have been

chafing to get into the field, but most have been thwarted by wet, cold
soll. Most fields proved to be workable Tuesday and Wednesday, and
farmers were able to start corn planting. More rain on Thursday put a

damper on any more activity.

Findlians in the news
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Morse and Sylvia Parr and Ruby Banks shopped

shopping Mr. and Mrs. Raymond Chapman and had lunch at Guy\[CloseCurlyQuote]s in Shelbyville

attended the twenty fifth wedding Saturday.

anniversary celebration of Mr. and Lucy Miner took Zola Hendricks
Mrs. Dennis Morse of Charleston on and Gloria Miner to Sunday dinner at
Easter Sunday. the Holiday Inn in Mattoon.

Troy Riley of Decatur spentSunday Mr. and Mrs. Gary Brooks and
afternoon with Dicy Dawdy. Jason of Atlanta, Ga returned to their

Alice Dawdy called on Dicy Dawdy home Sunday after spending a week
Sunday evening. with his mother Dorothy Brooks and

--T dinner and afternoon other relatives.

Paul and Edna Enoch were Wayne and Lucille Jeffers of
Paul and Judy Miner, Chris, Mark Sullivan and Carrie Burks had
and Brian of Decatur. Sunday dinner with Cecil and Daisy

Mabel Gregory was a Sunday

dinner guest of Floy Gordon.
Hyllis Watkins, Beulah Mitchell,

FOR SALE -

By Lien\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Club

Field Grown Plants

75¢ doz.

Cabbage, 2 kinds; tomato,
4 kinds. Big savings.
Call 756-3198

404 W. N. 3rd St.

Lucille and Pauline
Briney had lunch at the Marrowbone
Inn in Bethany Wednesday.

Eddie and Gladys Bendler and
their club from Mattoon had
supper at Guy\[CloseCurlyQuote]s Saturday night and
spent the rest of the evening in the
Bendler home.

Mr. and Mrs. John Smith and Annie
of Mattoon visited the Lance Beery
family Sunday evening.

Jenna Wirey spent Friday night

Beery.

the Years with
and Friends\[CloseCurlyQuote]\[CloseCurlyQuote]

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Thru
lvadean
Decatur. Phone 428-2536

or contact Emaline
Siler, Findlay 756-8224.

a SL --_- = -