seoiehaiaeaeianmecc ceca Naa ese FSS
saat Sata Sirois Soe eee wan

_ season

tencteaneeanenenamems

Despite homers, Falconsedged [| gers get

The Stewardson-Strasburg Comets tied
the game in the bottom of the seventh on
an error and scored again to rally and
defeat the Findlay Falcons 7-6 at Stew-
Stras

The Falcons had jumped to a first
inning lead of 4-0 and at one time had led
6-2 in the game, but the Comets scored
three in the bottom of the sixth and the
two in the bottom of the seventh to win
the game.

Tim Rothrock, the Findlay pitcher,

Photo by Pauline Briney
Members of the 1983 Findlay High School Falcon volleyball squad include (front row, from left to right) Shelly Wooters,
Mendi McClain and Dana Miller; (middle row) Angie Weaver, Angie Uphoff, Sherri Walden, Missy Weaver, LeAnn
Brown and Sandy Brooks; and (top row) Kristi Clark, Krista Dawdy, Michelle Saddoris, Cheryl Brown, Vicki McBride,
Chris Zeitler and Coach Sandy Dawdy.

has opened

than in previous games.

In the second and closest game, Michelle Saddoris
was the team\[CloseCurlyQuote]s leading scorer, serving six consecutive
serves, while Vicki McBride had nine spikes overall.
tsof the game wereS-l5and#15. -
unior yarsity games Shelley Wooters led the.

serving \[OpenCurlyQuote]ith fout good serves.

also had two hits. Michael Kneirim and
Joe Lucas each homered with Kneirim
having two additional hits and Lucas one.
Bryan Herzog and Norman Willer each
singled to complete the Falcon hitting.
The Falcons now stand at 04 on the
season and face Beecher City on Sept. 14.

Next week\[CloseCurlyQuote]s games are against Ef-
fingham St. Anthony on Sept. 19 at Ef-
fingham and Ramsey on Sept. 22 at
Findlay.

a aie cbt pete

Findlians in the news --_E__

Sandra Milligan of Bethany had supper
with her grandmother, Floy Gordon,
Saturday evening.

Jith and Betty Fogleman attended a
hog roast at the Swings Campground on
Labor Day.

Attending a Bunco party Thursday
evening at the home of Kathleen
Waggoner were Sondra Diss, Helen
Gingrey, Debbie Carr, Laurie Hubbartt,
Lynn Farris, Tonya Lanham and Kay
Roney.

Monday night games against Blue Mound ended in
defeat for the Findlay volleyball teams.

The Falcon varsity had several good set-ups and
spikes, although the serving percentages were lower

Siannnnnnnntonnnnncenannnnnienanan Se
Se See a ance RR

first win

The Findlay Tigers split in two games
with Windsor and Bethany.

Findlay fell 14-2 to Windsor in an error
plagued game. Craig Uphoff was the
Tiger pitcher. -- .

Findlay got their first win of the year in
a 155 romp over Bethany. Brad Fran-
cisco was the winning pitcher.

The Tigers are 1-2 on the season.

A game with Stew-Stras has been
added to the schedule. The Tigers will
face Stew-Stras next Tuesday, Sept. 20 at
Findlay. Game time is 3:30 p.m.

Bill and Juanita Maycroft attended a
family dinner Sunday at the home of Bob
and Nancy Perry of Bethany.

Scores for the J.V. games were 0-15 and 4-15.
In the first game of the season, the J.V. defeated
Maroa with scores of 15-12 and 15-6.

The scores for the varsity game were 6-15 and 2-15.

The scores for the season\[CloseCurlyQuote]s second game against
Tower Hill for varsity were 11-15 and 4-15. The J.V.\[CloseCurlyQuote]s
scores were 0-15 and 11-15.

The two teams have both showed a lot of im-
provement over last year, and they hope to see lots of

sarin
SSeS