ag

@® bas been Cone to crops.

e he Enterprise

WILLIAM 1 KOHMS, Eur

FINDLAY, - - ads

A WEEKS RROD

AR the News ef the Past Seven
Days Conitensed,

HOME AND FOREIGN ITEMS

Newsol the Industriai Field, Peravnal

awd Political Items, Haypenkeas
at Bome amd Sbeowt.

THE NEWS FROM ALD THE WORLD

~-_--_----

DOMESTIC.

The Rock sland Railrom! eompang,
with $150,006,000 capital, has bern in
corparated at Jersey City to take orer
the present company's stock fora new

Dantel Parley (enlored) was hanged
gt Memphis. Penn. for the murder of
bie wife July 23. 108.

The Chicage & Eastern MWitnols rail-
ord has beep cold ami thy purchaser
ie said te be the Ulineis Central com-
pony.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Fhe safe to the post office a2 Sites,
0., *as blown open by eracksmen whe
seenred abort $160 im moner and 2,000
stamps.

Warren Yohnion and Inseph Rordges,
prominent young men of Salinna, Cal,
were shot and fatally wounded by a
woman.after a quarrel.

Will Dentzler. a soung negre, wx
Nguged wt Hattlestunre. Mi«x.. for an
wSaAUIt on See Pal Garde, a white
woman, June 5.

Gen. Juco Sith arrived in Sap
Franecisee from Manila on the trans-
port Thomas

A dispatch from Exes Alamos. Cal.
Says reports of démage wrough: by
the revent earthyuakes are exagyer-
ated. The total loss wlll not excees
93.000, Xo one was killed and the in-
habitants of the town were neediesals
alarmed.

Grave diggers ata Chiongn cemetery
strock for more pay. and seteral fa-
Nerals were Hempelied te tury lack,
it ix thonghr (he strife will spread.

The pereeniagrs of the  tawhall
chihs im the Nations) league for the
week ended Angust 3 were: Pitts
burg. .768: Hrewklynt, 344: Uhicngey,
28, Bowtonm, 324: Cincinnati, 864s
Be. Lewhs, 4535 Fhiladctptin, 608;
New York, 329,

The Amerivan nacy wilt ave heorep-
Fesentesl in the Reitish coronation re-
view,

The percentages of the  basehall
lnhs in the Atnerignn Teague for the
week evded August 2 were: Chir
rage, STS; St. Louie, Sat; Phitadel-
phis, $43; Boston, 41: Washington.

David Watt. a night watchman, was | -*7%s Detroit, ait; Cleveland, 34%:
Surmed te Geer wed bP. Mifer fatalix Baleinure, 64).

injured inn tren} Lea Midnes, fa.
Miss Maher Webs, of Menticetts,

en. Sinith spenix for the first
tiew: un Kix Coreel retirement ane

Mbin. andl Hva sasker find Laure f, + defends Kix warfare with the savages
Tye. beth of Faribauls, were drowned | of Samar ished.

by the Rpostting of a loot.
A report thu: a copahination
been formed ta control the workts

| Natieonnt
hat; eerie a.

elenismen nt Shonen
were ardor) te shoot Girt

md investigate aftorwanl as hn result

of productho: i deciaved te be false, ) of atacks on their camp under cover

Flneds in Texas are causing an im-| 6? dasinpss.

Tactse amenat of deamge tex prop-
erty.

A moh of striking miners at Shon
wadesh, . fouk yxeomeasion of the
town after a hartle with the potive. in
Which 40 persons were shat. Gov.
Stone orlered troops to quell the riot.

Experts from the United states de-
ereaxed over Sia5.0004h0 daxing the
Bast fisenl year. awhile the inoports in-
erensed ober 550,800,000).

Seerctagy Way. ander instractions
from the president, sent a forcible
Kemonrirance to Reumatia against
the persecution of the dews in that
country.

As a resents of the polive corruption
tases Mayor Ayes, of Misineapatix,
hus restgsevt.

Charles Craven, the supped mmt-
derer of William TH. Wilson, « farmer
Hiviug nesr Herndon, Va, was lrached
gear Loeshurg. Va.

Twelve Tndred state froaps are
encunwed +2 a hilk overlouking Shen.
gudiah, Pa. to prevent further riat-
jog by striking ininers.

Mrs. Helle Ahern. of Warerls, Ip,
committees! -yiclde an the grave af her
hustiuad,

Six perketi« ost their MWrees jn the

A xeplous clish te
tween xoldivrs smal rieters Ix feareit.

oC. MeCastin, <a well-known min-
ig tan in Ratt Enke City, shot and
kilfed Lottie Rastell and dangerauxty
weanded FP, Max Peters and then
commited sujeide.

White brooliny over 9 fener ef m
anoity G, W, ray shot and kitted his
thughier, Mrs. Egrt Jaehiason, and
then committed suicide in Granger,
Tex, i

in the fiseat year onileal Unvie 20 laxt
G4=.74 immigrants landed i the
United States, against 7418 during
he previons year.

A Vandalia tratn wrecked # trolley
ear at Terre Hutte, iol, seriously in-
juring: 14 peesere,

An wxeursion train wax - wreeked
were Cafilfee. Mich. be ai troken
wheel, and & pernons were injured,

Naval and military manenysers well
Melude \[OpenCurlyQuote]real warfare with newspaper
dispateh Tnats. which warships will
try in erage ar onpture. °

A nasal farce of 40.000 isdesiped be
Real Admital Taster: prexent limit
wf 23.000 not enomgh te mann ew war-
sips onder conetesetion ar ikety to
he fil sen,

Enrthynake steries fron Pos Ala-

wt tate agit Pee MS

Col. Arthur Diyseh. the natlonalies
member of parliament, who is accused
of high treason during the Boer wor,
his been held for trial in London,

The late\[CloseCurlyQuote] Lord Muanneefete, British
Stlassador to the Ualted States, let,
am eetate vilued at 262.700.

Evelyn BG. Bakiwin, the Aretic ex
plover, has arrived in Norway and re-
ports his meh well,

A battle Iavtitey for severe] dars Is

SH blag fought hetween Colombian iene

rexehitionints and government trope |
near Agua Baler, ther 200 revolution-
bts hare been killed or wountled, Giev-
eroment cysnalties ape Tight

The Cuban senate is preparing 3°
way of distvituting 234,000,008 -
througiiat the island to etem the
finangal vrixix and ta relieve
Saar rine. f

Fwenty-one thonsamdt Americans in- j
saded Canada in the Inst seven months, :
baring 5.000 geres of farm land.

A window jn the church of Se. Sahn |
and St. funl in Vester collapsed and ;
the entire chutveh threatens to fall. ip:
was dindehvd im 1830,

an mt toys

the |
t

BAT.

The Cutan house voted a ond feape
of P15. and President Rovusevelt
mas notify Palma that the Pine
dtueminrent ty siolated.

is! Sage ecFebrarwcd bie cighty-
sixth birflytag at Sew York by work- |
fier Wt dow,

Authorities in the anthracite strike
mgion are osereising waneugl viged-
Janes pwitg to rumors of ploteaguiast :
the soldier. at Shenundeah, !

Astute convertion of the people's *
sarty WHT he tedd in Sypriayfete, Hl, 3
Visite? 220.

TLLINOIS STATE NEWS,

Crepe Datthewk:,

The weekly crop report of the Washe
jagton weather bureau sage for Mli-
eavise

Generally fah weather Yavered (arn
work; harvest almost completed and wiuck
thrmehing done; r¥re¢ and wheat good aver
Bae yield: oats infared by lodging, but riett
Sailr to good: corn generally tine, but in-
by drought tm south: haring atowt
i gardens doing well; pomlocs large
crop, bur roujug; apples puor to goad;
peaches good.

Ream for Here insane.

The state board of vharities bas or-
doreil 75 ariditiomal patients to be re-
ceived at the ineurable insane hospital
at Poorin. These paticats «ili probably
he tnken from crowded county alanu-
houses. Ta orier to make room for pa-
tents Dr, Taylor. the superintendent,
bax converted the reception hall inte

| wards, and the attic of the buikding

Will be used ag a dining hall.

Sirerwlas Am A tlasasee.
Romay Catholits hol « big towd with
the number of churches ia Chivago,

concladed. Sho Methodist Episeonal

second with Se, the Vengregational
third with 78, amd the Baptist fourth
with 60. \[OpenCurlyQuote]There are 053i churches in all,
with 60 different detunihstions. sem
eral of the latter having tnt one or-

ganization.

teh eel
Ailfeged Wiprwomint.

Jivkson D. TH, whe Mixx Lucy Mitats,
of Mattoon, says by puotived her into
tloping to Charkeston wit warrtyine
him against her will, uot desertion her
Jour dass biter. has buon epptaresd at

DURAND POR GIVERROR,

Biechignh PMemoerate Bolext Wine Ge
Bend Torker Mate Maoket=teinwr
; Riera basso ttonven,
| Detroit, Mick. Aug. 1--In Tiare
Hay's neosions of the Michigan deme-
euatic state convention is Light Guard
armory, Judge weorge Hl. Duyawd, of
, Bitat, who led » vacancy o the su
preme bench of this ctate during the
year 1892, and who is generally
 eredited with being a gold demecrat.
Bt heart. though mot a bolter in 1896,
\[OpenCurlyQuote]Was nominated on {he fanreh ballos
fo fee for goseruot this fall. Inajge
Warand did aot atrend the coure
oF euttiorize auyone to state 12:
would accept the nomination if it was
acconled! him, aad the free silver ehe-
ment made e yvigurois ght to defeng
Dine. Me hadsiat, votes aut of wm total og
LOM on the fret ballot, which was takes
ist before the ong o'clock sdjourn-
ment for iumchens. Charles BR. Bligh,
,of Grand Rapids, bad 225 votes on the

\[OpenCurlyQuote]first ball; Magir James Hanimell, |

of Lancing, had t%6h,; Rtate Senator

| havinge 120. acenrding to we census just . James Hele, of Lansing, had 207, and

y there Were 33 seaitoring sates. The
namber of votes weeocary to a choice
was 508, Durand hac 485 votes onthe
secumd ballot, 479%, on the third and
533 on the fourth.

After the vomination of n candidate
fer governor the cunuengion ade
journed until F230 pom., te ablaew thie
for a Gertesion of cantidates for
other places om the thkes.

\[OpenCurlyQuote]The convention reconvened at eight

Lotieck pom, Theticket was completed
by the nomination of the following
sandidates, te opposition developing

Mrs. Mua Meriting spite herds th Smitha, Ky. he Sheri®tivers. Win | to ans of the mimes presente:

rer from bent rin dewn by ah ale
malih: in Ubienges and wax instantly
hilhesl ferselr ty a rausway borse. |

Mi wmurtlignake severely shook Mis |
conn woonty, Mont. a ounder of cid
bnildings of Chnten collapsing.

fin his deathhbud Wikia Thempeon.
nf Vilas, Ooh confessed thar he kitted
his >on Venpunin. and that Zeb Nivk-
olsen serving a ewntenee he prison. iy
Trice ne,

Avivon Malle ws put te death iu

the slertrle whair in Sigg Sige CN. YQ debtednesx of all dustitntions bs wuly,

prison fer the murder of Mary Me-
Curthe May 97. 190, ;

Whitehiw Reid visited the  presl-\[CloseCurlyQuote]
deat at Osuter Rax to repoet persca-,
nity comeerning bix tetp te Ragland.

fhe Stwiaw government hus ar-:
tered that the Macvand wirelom tel,
eyraphy upparctis be mtabliched tn,
all warshipw. i

Former United States Senater J.
Ban Canwron, of Penosyivanin. was
thrawn from bis enrtinge in Seutland
amt xerjonsly injured.

Consivts blew » bole in x wall in
the state prison at Nashville, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Pome

and Eh shade theirs escape

Maser Ton L. tohisonlct Chevcland,
wer threy-vent fare fizht hy court
devision. but cinplayes were cohl re-
sietio: wien starvation wares,

W, KL Hithervass, apd du, net AMixs

Mabel Strang. aged 8, loth of Mat--

teem, Tiowere killed by the vars at a
oreesdie.
Cyark- nen blew the safe in the ~tere

Texas fleods in San Mareos quiles and imos. Cal, are exageerateds onls stool the Lichindyle Supple company at

the property uss is omer S1.G000.
Rain sud wid did great dia by
Korinepoert, hud. and twa pervates
were kitted ty Hehining.
APan-Hanidle train struck and Killed
#. M. Anderson. of Kenton, &.. ame Ohe
Jones, of Titik, 0. near Columbus.
Experts 40 Germany for the fiseal

year ended Jime 20, 1902, were $102-{
FAG NOG, a Inerease over the preveding

gear of ghent 92.750,000.

James R. MoConnell and George Uine-
ett, ench 14 years Ohi. finished a trip
from Xew York to Chicago in an atite-
mobile.

Jodge Keller, of the West Virginia
federal ceurt, issued an Injunction
@gzainst President Mitchell aud other
whiners\[CloseCurlyQuote] Ivaers. forbidding them frum
intimidating peacefnl employes of the
Chesapeake & Ohio Cont company.

The explésion of a sawmill boiler ay
the farm of George Neff. near Helisire,
@., killed John Shaw, (ieorge Wheeler
and Charles Supper.

The war tak repeal causal a deficit
fe. Tqne: af $7.493,209, duc t> heavy dis-
bursements and chit war claim pay-
ments.

Witllam Kiehm ant his daughter
Winks, of Clare, Ta. were fatally in-
Juped hy being enught in the knives of
a binder.

Rred Fotkinherg. a tcamster of Kan-
gas City, Mo.. shot ami killed his wife
and then shot himself fatality.

Lee Newton (colored) was banged hy
® mob at Cornle Bottoms, Ark.. fe nr
templed assault on twe white women,

President Jobr Mitchell, of the
Tnited Mine Workers, says that he will
fenore the Intest injunction of Juilge
Keller, prohibiting him and other off-
cers Of the organization from inter
Zoring with work in the mines.

doseph Uardesty was inatantis
killed and his four sons were injured.
two fatally. be the explosion of a
boiler at hin sawndll om Wolfe creek,
in Lawrence country, ©.

Rivers in Texas are falling and fears
of greater damage by high walter have
vanished.

Harry Tracy, the Washington ont-
Jaw, made bis appearence ata ranch
near Wenatchee. in thet state, but lefr
in a short time.

Presiient MiiwheH, of the mine
workers, in replying to an open Tetter
from the Wilkesharre Citizens\[CloseCurlyQuote] ulli-
ance, sharply arraigis bis critics and
gays they have no sympathy for the

or.

Twelve hondred hofler makers in
Chicagn went on a strike for higher
wagee

It i= said that in fowa, Nebraska ane
merthern Kansas the corn erep will be
ghe lares=t ever prewn.

Record breaking rains have falien in
west Tennessee, north Alabama, north
and central Mi-=issippi und eastwra
Arkansas, and considerable damage

Leinistagre belo dome, ced carth assures
[failed tm deselop.

{  \ @altixion Detween anilk trains at

+ Haerttan\[CloseCurlyQuote]s, N.OW., resulted dn the death
of four persous and the wreeking of
two engines.

Portions of @ bnman <Kkeletor were
(font onder the bhescinent of the
white heuse at Washington by werk-
ingen exehvating foc wew heating
apparatis.

Beenuse ids wife bud left him Meas
Pitver, a neere. alt ani killed Rehert
Brooks, ki, fathertalaw. and bis
daughter. and fatatly wounded xn
other sister of hie wile ncar Rrinkiws,
Ark.

Pespentent heranee of itiness To-
soph Pidawski stabbed bis nife and
ti-veotld danghter and committed
sticide af ET Reno. O. i

PREIOFAL AND POLIT Oh.

The denorcuts have nominate Ayhay
Wo Apencer for congre.w tu the First
Indiana district and ZoP. Yost flem.)
has been meminaterd in the Seventeenth
blak. clistrget.

lewa fepubliran< ii convention ot +

Pex Moines indareed Ure-ident Resse:
velt Ger Tomivation in dam? named
nm <tate picket headed by W. PR. Martin,
of Adair. fer seeretary of state On
hah reciprocity is Taeyred ond vise tar-
iF changes where peeled te prevent
Mmeonsepelien.

Muiecim Smith, o7 Cedur Rayeds, t.,
has beep nominated for congress by
the Fifth district prohthitivnists,

Michigan democrats in canrentian
at Detreit nominated Judge George
WW. WBurand, of Flint, for goreraor.
The sesolitions were confined to
state isnues.

Seeretary of the Treasury Shaw will
apem the gobernatorial eamnpaizn in
Vermont.

Bemocrate in the Pwenty-fourth if-
linnis district have renominared J. BL
WitHams fur congress.

PORTH.

Gens. De Wet. Botha and Delares
received an ovation on their deparpare
from Cape Town for Eurype,

Agitation in favor of the anuexation
of Jammnica te the United States is very
general in Kingston.

The Hritish steamers Prince Alex-
antler and Ran-linzunn collided In Ma-
Incen straits, and 40 persons wore
drowned by the sinking of the for-
mer.

A bulletin says King: Eslward ix re-
emeting rapidix and is able to walk
Withent assistance,

Marconi- wireless sestem of tefeg-
raphy ix to be established by the Swed-
bh government on the island of Got-
isnd.

Sixty-seren bailles hase been recor.
ered from the Mount Kimbla ecliierr
wet Wallongone. Vietoriu, where an ex-
Plosivn occurred,

Wielisdate, FR. and sevure! uk un.
hase sm osf mater,
i King Kdwank for we first tine

tines his ilaexs walkel ap oad dawn
pi fiecht of statics withent assistance.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]
Neo aml Mrs. Joha Shimiron. of

assiom who caine for a <iqamer out-
ing On their tithacre fruit farm,

\[OpenCurlyQuote]The silcer peso fx tectnred ne tanger,
current in the repnlitic of Gagtemiain. °
Reports tu thy comptenifer of the
enrrency in the last ten months show
remarkable prosperity of banks.
The war department ix buss wit
pits to relieve aflicere in the FYbil-°
ippines by & systeyo of trunafers.
Andrew Cnsrnegie hax  pre-euted
Lord Acton\[CloseCurlyQuote] Hbrary ef 10.000 lwaks,
connbicre! the beat private collection
in existenes, te Ht. Hon. Jobo Morley.
Rese Combet, aetress. Roowe io
private lite as Mrs. dvho S. Sullican, .
ta- declared her jute gtieo in Oregen .
% ettizen of the Usired

nn eo

Tee Deevcertive
poytorten4,
Ctarhes ownnd, the fagiwam clelvine
minstre}, wan picked tp on he street
in Taltfieere cad sent ber the pernr-

Nae raper. i
Seuretary Moody caused a stir in the |
nay) departmene by ruling int sale;
dries must be governed hy work done,
net hy pull. Lieat. S. H.Gitmon's sal-|
ary Was ent $200. !
Reac Avaniral O'Neil dvelares the
new fie ntel eaplopive will penetrate
the be~t armor yet nunle. The limit of
thickness is alrends proached anit
harder plate must te invented. '
MWKieisix declare there is ne friction
or misunderstanding between the ,
Prited\[CloseCurlyQuote] States and Cubs over the Joca-3
tien of @ navel station, and that a site
in Hoxvsus hater $5 not desired, ;
Senor Valiez. a Manila editar whee
was finer! $20) an! imnished under the !
Spanish bow for lite linge Puipine mem- j
bers of the Americanccomminsion, re-!
printed his charge and wasarrested. |

ees

tounced what he called \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]the
zeal te defense of Catholic interests
which weemm to be eoveting am ds
Piestom at the present time smomy
vertalx laveee of Americam Cath-
nites.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

ie dedare?} the queation was 298
for discussion we this time, when Low

He spoke
with frankness, however, in denotes.
ing those who appeared to him
have misplaned thelr zeal in defense
of the Catholle fai.

The archbishop declared there fad
Reem BO comm made by
unautNericed individuals, and soldiers
«f the ehwreh, he Imsisted, should
await action of their commanders be-
fore they wadertook to get for the
entite congregation.

Catholic bodies wowk? perer prom

}
ind a wife In Detaian whoo ke mar- wo Sovernor, Jolin F. GHihle, OF | per in Anerien, he sald, unless imbued

, Fried Miss Bush, ate? was Hsiage with

wife No. & svhem argented,
ae
& Gaed shewtar.
The Galletin of the state bear!) of

charities tor the sanerper cated June}

$0 shews net oush on band Apri i,
SIFY Petal decane fer dhe quseeter
Wits FISTS. The expenses were: Ure

tal. 302226, Lhe total outstanding ja-

§71,483.
eee
Whe of C'ermawrnsgesmm,

Harry Johnsen dvd at Pana. Bo
gersed three years in the Seventh
United States cavalry aud two yeats
fm the siznal savrvice of the Fourth im-
fantry in the Philippines, We con-
tracted consamption while in sitvvice
mul wax discharged tro rparsapzy, He
$s survived by hiz widuw.

atom
Giver Thiewen Cann.

A bunt of river thieves who have

been vuperating ail alone the @Ghio

fiver for Wecvks and tuhing wverything |

fa the way of boats and rafting «quiy-

Bent which thee vould tind, sere cape |

titted near Metroplix. They were
hidden in «clamp wf willows near the
eslipe GE am Bland,
----
Pabaherdd BMigemele,

ALM. Rathschilttiaged oc, founder of
the A.M. Rethschiht Merenitite: com.
Pay alel Jarek its president, chet nas
killed himect? at His reitente in @bi-
cae. Thohealth wae the enone, the
waves a wistow aida son, ager BS. ad
Bt entiite valued we Ri soe

_o
Beoow Werke Away,
A purtign of Mie Lacy levew, senth

owt xeres af taad. 5000 of which
aw under enlticutiva, sre inunelated.

Ser teu Fiet.
paamanGheeeneis
Vota dee Kew Létws.
Col, AL FL Minnin, whe commnded
uw: Tenth iineis rolantver infantry
during the civil way, creggrit dead at

Striking telegraph ineasenger bsiyo
won theie fight in Chicago, their de-
tanned for tide poy being provticalty
areéded fe by the telegraph official

Renty Blackmore. a pireminen) aid
well-toale ettizen of Montine, diced sud-
denty of heart tronbie. Mr, Bheck-
more hid Hive in Poating iM years.

Be. Eh Met ellen. ce piercer of tibons.
diel phelele-tily of heart Gisense. [he

Wits To ser ob Mis wides, whe sur-

Vives him. wos in Colurude at the tite
of bis ueuth.
The demecrat. In the Seventeenth

hetise for one yearoon the charge af district luve nomitatel Z FL Yost af

Portiae, for congress.

Hiinois interpal presen colleetions
fet all states fur the inet ficult sear,
$54. 11S Deinge pawl intis the nariow-
al trvaxery.

fiet, Yates bias apgeinter) Eelear VT.
Basies, of Chien. -tate faeteury in-
speeter Mr. Dasie~ for the aod yene
has Veen itt assistant fartery  ia-
apretar,

Ulineis =i is the -ccamt onal geo-
@acivg state in the unten, according
to the peographical sarvev. 2th
tems beingr miner! in. te.

Seeretary Reot will opeu the Ufineia
republican camptipn at the tecerin
lowe feust September 26 Senntere
Hanna, Deliser, Fairbanks, Spooner
and Heverilge have been asked to
apenk und may enpt.

Three \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]alleged post offer robbers,

sity.

hice,
Auiltior -meril,
fAnn Arbor,

Dasil A. BMammond.

Ueeminl Kopphiels.

Wientbrifce ML Ferris, Big Raghts,

$
Mlcretury oO. xtate, Joho Pamovan, Ray
fi feep Jave for lis welfare. To complata
Srocauper, Wibor FL Pavideorn, Port;
; Viens, the iniquity being more geiev
Atterney gearral, William FL Knight, } ons as the men or Institutions rose ip

dignity.
Soperintewient pibdlic fnatruction. Pent, | on

with the spirit of the conniry and &

nredivssly was to he guilty of an ect
of injustice toward men and inctifa-

He assured his beurers that he spoke

Coniminimer af Kaul office, Arthur 3 | ROcierdiy when he cold the public sgt-

itary, $4 82.052:. special, $140,080; te Watenn. Chebaygan.

Beniiwr state bag ef education.
Chastes FL RMtetd, Mastings, ~

dasice of suprome conrt, te D1 va
vanry, Kenjamio J. Brown, Menominee

\[OpenCurlyQuote]Phe platform adupted at the mur
Ing sexshon of the convention ik de-
voted almost entirely te stute fugues,
the only mention of national issues
being au iinlorsement of the echietion
af United States semtors directly by
the peuple The resolutions decline
that the dostruetion of boas rufe fe
the supreme sane.

GUTLOOK FOR CROPS.

Fae Civld of More Veamtaod in Wests
eee Mater--Caom@itiam wf Ake
4 Veventa Faworntele,

\[OpenCurlyQuote]

+ Warhingtes, Jaty 10.--The weather

hurean\[CloseCurlyQuote]s weebly summary of evop
;

jeonditions ian ax Enflewr:

The corn vrvug tas experiererd another
} Beck of encepifortally Favorable condithins
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]O¥er much the ye purr vb the peinel-
peel Ore area, the least tasoruble geporia
bring recvivet tem -outhesntete Sewert
aud weathers, Pied. whe) the crop Js
Pietra te jute by deingtht. A tise yield ts
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]premises an Kateus, Netestha, Indie
ic over muck the gtrater part of MiAs-
,s0u, Kifmots and @fto, In fiewn, where
the inp hos satlered marh in previous

tation was mprereskary. Redress of-
Ways wos to be had if sought through.
qulet and representative methods from
bigh representatives of the govern
ment,

All Catholfes he anged, should seek
to nurture peace and harmony anid
he cautions against stirring inte fine
avd flame the Iatent prejudives amd
smothered animwsities that existed.
\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]The simplest approach to form « po-
litiend parte om the tasis of religious
interests.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] he said, \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]wonld be fatal tw
these interesia and te thes pabdlie
peace\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]

A QUEER MACHINE.
Beacripiion of -- Gembined Larmener
tive ané I*negrager Coach far

the B. & @ Mond. =
uliimore. Md., Aug. 4---A. unique
engine haa jest been completed by the
Naltimore & Ohiu railrvand at its Mount
Clair shops, this city. It ty designed

i for the use af officials In makmy in-

spection trips, Whough called an in-
spection engine, tt really answers the
purpose of a whole train. The engine
has a small passenger ooich con-

;Striieterd an top of the boiler back of

Weeks from heavy: eaine aud fark af Cult | the smokestack. The holler is heavily

[vation com (4 luproving. and in the carly 5

envered with asbestos, and the Ron

fiwide dx suring heavily. In the middie At- of the car with Nrussele carpet. The

tantle atates at wo he southward of the

Sonth Finven, Mink. aepied 22 chit-_ of Tavauo, wax washed aavay by | conte river corm hus eulfered much from
yon free the Minnenpotis orphan flied waters of the PHinuts river anal 2reteht In wectlang, vepeekiily tho ently

} pleated

Showera have prevented the completion |

of wikiter wheat harvey tn the Inke re~

teas pn 3

The waier viries in depth frog fire elon, Mew Englacd and the northern por- |
RInOR News ITEMS. : ton of the middle Atlant\[CloseCurlyQuote] ateates, where |
dummage to wheat fo ahuck ts quite exten- |
ohewehere haryceting ke |

Wively reported;
fampletcd egeopt on the Dariic enmet,
; Where tt fs ptogrecsing rapidly in Ureson
yan haw begun in Washington.
late spring wheat ceeds rain tn portions
of Svuth trukote. acd rust je appearing in

h his home in Jonesore, aged so yanrs. | North Dakota, Dut on Whe whole its, com

» Mths te vers promictng.

Gat harvestiug is progressing ander edit. |

; cultiew tn the upier Missixsippt valley and
luke rvgten, Where thy crop fx badly kvlged
Biol fielie in some crotteis are tow wee for
Yeapers. Neorwithetandiog thiee adverse
Condiitons the general outhwk form large
sieti te tavetm bit

As 4 rile the aeneral outiook for apples
rottinuex dnpeoitising, although in some
selene 4 goed seop te promized, The
Riext faversiy reports ate received from
Sew Enghinek sastetn and rorthem New
tYork. Michigan ant paurtingy of Mlinais.

Habsayw and Cohishoma,

The bulk uf @ Rulel Ray crop Ras been
secures In the stutex of the ecntedl val
feys In the lake ergion ard cortherm
portion of the entddt Atiuntle statex hay-

jist continues. Bat has heen conshlersthy
ftelasedt by Pulne and much has been dam
mgt

LAST CHARCE GONE.

Action of Cuban t ahinct Perreais tho
J Ketird Bieter Srem focuring
i @ Coalinga, Sinilom.
Washington, Jnty 331.--Probably the
fast chances the navy departinert bad

t> seenro 6 couling of naval
station im Hovann harbor has
; been jent be the action of

ithe Cutan cabluet im authorizing the
tease of the arsenal grounds, \[OpenCurlyQuote]This
was the site of the projected United
States naval statinn, for whiek it was
whniraldy adapted hy ifs position and
depth of water. News of the Cuban
leabinet\[CloseCurlyQuote]s artion has just reached here.
Nathing is espevted to be done respect-

War department? homer meduts have! with 31.600 worth of stamp. were cape , ing the acquisition of sites for rava
been given to Gen, Horace Porter for) tared after a battle with South Chie\[CloseCurlyQuote] oe coaling xtatinnx elsexchere om the

gallantry at Chivkamauga, ta (i n-
Fataten for capturing Aguinalde, ant ;
te Col. A. L. Mills for sertices in Onba. |
A special train is ty start from ChE |
cage August ' fo carry a party of ex-|
perts from the agriculturai depert-:
mien? te gite demonrtrations of good |
cnad building throngheut the north-!
weet ?
What medeuhtediy ix the largest
Raewn tree in the world has heen dis- |
covered on the government reserea-
tien far up inthe Sierru<in California.
Six fees from the greund it tock a Hine
154 fee? s inehes long ta encircle the
tee s aking Gf over St feet in dicm-
elec 7

eage price.

WISDOM IN SMALL DOSES.
the
Daily

Most exetsex ate Kot worth
treuble of maklny.--Chicseo
News.

The bill cullector savs be hay nu de-

Philadelphia Recors.

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]Penple dou't do gated deeds without
motive.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote]
teneating circumstances.\[CloseCurlyDoubleQuote] -- Jude,

ft is well enough ty take thinges as

' they come, but there are a good ssany
fof them that you might just as well

:

pass oa.-- Pack.

a

\[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]So; there ate suas ex-;

islands \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]pti next winter.
Chicl Subbi Jeaegho end,
New York, July 3t.--Chief Rabbi
Jeroh Josephs, aged 62, head of the
\[OpenCurlyQuote]opthedox Jews in Awerica, ts dead.
He was stricken with paralyats sever-

val sears age aad the complication of

embolhua of the brain cansed death

\[OpenCurlyQuote]pire te dwell in the tand of promise,-- jal 11245 o'clock Monday night.

Sppraved.

foml July 26.--Th
mien, daly s6--The new eom- x
mereial treaty between Great Urhtain * gaat of Saturday wa the deck ef the

and Chiss was approsed at a euhfer-

ence held at the foreign offer,

Qotiny. It in expected that the gor} erey
Grament will mew saastion the cusela |

sion of the treaty,

'

}

\[OpenCurlyQuote]etais in the ouch are arranged in am+

phithenter style, an as fo give everyore
im the car o full view of the track amd
surrounding countrys. Peasengers en-
ter the car by winding stairs on either
side of the front pilot. The engine
may be rewdity run im either direc-
tion.

Rates Mekee of Margen,

Menien City, Aug. ¢--There is
much poplar hadigantion here over
the forynation of a pool qrmong the
bokers of this elty to reise the prire
of bread, \[OpenCurlyQuote]Thin trade is in the hands
ov half a dozen rick Spanianis from
aki Spain whe have signed an ageer-
ment to vhurge prbes mstually
agreed on and mot in any way te ex-
ter inte competition, as they have
dene hitherto. The agreement fy for
two years. The daily pepors point
ent that this agreement is wholly
unjustified, as the priee of wheat
haus not altered In two. years, while
the taxes are the same. The cnst of
living for poor people and the lower
middie class has been Jncreasing
steadily aml meat has been rising
twe years pant.

Mitorical Window Menlahed,

Venter, Aug. ¢--A great window im
the Basilica, of the Dominican church,
St. John and St. Paul, Soll in Suaday,
es the result of having heen shaken
by o clap of thunder. The church it-
wolf, which vrapks mext ta importance
te St. Mark's, bas beeu declar«} by
experts to be im danger of collapse.
if comtsins Boe momumerta of the
most famous doges, who he buried
there.

Meat Beater se Aifemn.

Washington, Aug. 4--Commissioner
General Sergent, of the immigration
burean, with he approval of Secre-
Sary Shaw, has fasued a cireular pr -
hibiting the eoming te the United
Mates of eesitents nod natives of
Porto Ries and the Philippines, exeept
after the same examination as ix en-
forced agatayt other allen immigrants.

Peemd Gabliy.

Margis. 5. D., Aug, 6--- Eruest Loves-
War was found gullts Friday night of
j the murder of George Pack ond
f George Ostrander and given the death
sentence. The case sas on (rial five
@ese. The defendant made damaging

admispions on the stand.
Cendities of King.
Cowes, Aug, 4--Kisg Edward spent

| Vieteria aad Abbert. Sevetal distin-
* gui-ben visitwrs were received in qudi-
in the afternoons, is majesty
appored Lo be in good health end spice
its.