B held at Findlay

Findlay hosted a Little League
Tournament the weekend of August 6 and
7. The tournament was termed a \[OpenCurlyDoubleQuote]suc-

ea
erie.

¢

i
H
|

ritel
i

é

E

:

Windsor beat Findlay 2 and went on to
win the tournament. Stewardson beat
seats one run and finished in

Other places in the tournament went to
Shumway, third place; Findlay 2, fourth
place, Findlay 1, fifth place; Cowden,
sixth place.

:

Season ends .
with trophy

The Findlay 910 year old little
leaguers finished their season by winning
the consolation championship in the 21
team tournament held at Pana this past
weekend.

After the a first round bye
in the they defeated
Realonotace Moweaqua by a score of 19-9.

Findlay ] Two Findlay teams recently competed in a tournament held at the Findlay High The Findlay team lost the next round to

School ball diamond. Findlay 1 finished in fifth place in the tournament. Team roger Soha selected --
members were (front row, left to right) Tracy Coleman, Chris Thurber and Mike youngsters, beat Findlay by a score of 8-

Riley; (back row) Aaron Graven, Brad Stockdale, Jarrett Brown, Charlie 3, This defeat considered a victory
\[OpenCurlyQuote]Halleck, Craig Saddoris and Troy Coleman. sorts siase Filing as the axle teeta in o

the Pana Tournament not. by
more an rma by Eighty
In the next round, Findlay a

Vandalia all-star team by a score of 9-8.

The Findlay Little leaguers finished
the season with a strong 14-10 win over
Shelbyville\[CloseCurlyQuote]s All Stars.

The trophy won at Pana will be
displayed at the Bank of Findlay until
school starts.

Hats off to these young ball players and

to their parents and fans who supported
them.

---- a FN
ae te ikl

« .

Photo by Pauline Briney

Batter

, The other team to participate in the recent Findlay Little Photo by Pauline Briney
Findl ay 2 was Findlay 2. This team finished fourth in the scene ae One of the batters in the recent Little
were (front row, left to right) Robbie Mowry, C.W. Yantis, John Knierim. Eric League Tournament held at Findlay
Knierim and Andrew Scott and (back row) Jason Oldham. Shannon Cloyd was Charlie Halleck. A total of eight
Scottie Beem, Ronnie Cloyd, Clayton Stivers and Todd Wooters. Coaches were teams participated in the tournament

Rick Beem and Mike Oldham. held at Findlay Aug. 6 and 7.