Standing at attention Friday evening were the 23 students taking part in
the Findlay Junior High School commencement program. Eighth
graders receiving diplomas were (first row, left to right) Kim McHenry,
Tammy Winkler, Timm Rodman, Kelly Wooters, Wes Halleck, Penny
Newman, Kevin Rhoads; (second row) Trish McDonald, Amy Stock-

Photo by Pauline Briney
Other members of the Findlay Junior High School eighth grade class
look on as school board president Lewis Coleman presents a diploma to
Kevin Rhoades. In addition to diplomas, two students received
Citizenship Awards. Eighth graders Kevin Dawdy and Kim McHenry
received the awards which were presented by Tom Newman of the
Findlay American Legion, Clarence Bixler Post No. 409.

nciting new weys te sell stitchery end torn \)
hobby inte cosh. Wil trein.

Two junior
high honor
rolls listed

Two honor rolls have been an-
nounced for Findlay Junior High
School. These honor rolls are for the

grading period and the overall second
semester.
Nine graders were listed on

These students included Mike
Coventry, Joey Cummins, Kevin
Dawdy, Greg Grant, Kim McHenry,
Jennifer Riley, Timm Rodman, Brad
Smith and Tim Smith.
Seventh graders listed were
Tamara Cox, Jenny Cummins, Julie
Craig Saddoris, Kelly
Craig Uphoff and Amy

Cummins, Kevin Dawdy, Greg

Sylvia Parr.
Findlay, Il.
796-8880

\[CloseCurlyQuote]

Photo by Pauline Briney

dale, Joey Cummins, Ronnie Davis, Doug Nash, Tim Smith, Shelly
Severe, Kevin Dawdy; (third row) Bradley Smith, Greg Grant, Mike
Coventry, Brad Francisco, Jennifer Riley, Linda Jackson and Totie

Richardson.

Prepare requests now for the
Shelby County United Way

$184.76.
The mental health and
rehabilitation group and the retired

volunteer program

received $92.38 of the money as their
first installment pay-out.

The total disbursement for the
quarter, Weber said, was $6,198.76.

He added that the July 25 meeting
will be held at 7 p.m. at the First
Trust Bank of Sheloyville.

:
i

Bible school set at United Methodist Church

Birthdays.
Brett and Bill

and will be sent to the Baby Fold in
Normal. Baby Fold is an agency
licensed by the State of Illinois Dept.
of Children and Family Services and
sponsored by the Central Illinois

Dawdy or the Rev. Curtis Eaker as
soon as possible.